Lol... God, first link on Google. Wrong!

https://www.visualcapitalist.com/ranked-the-social-mobility-of-82-countries/ Ya, I don't think many people in the usa do that. There's a republican subreddit if you are unaware. Trololol you're so salty.  Delicious. Trump has signed into law more gun restrictions than Obama did in his entire presidency. Yes i hump my guns even caress them in the midst of passion and love making. And your beliefs in conservatives deserving the mockery of whats going on is a reason this country will never be united. You are part of the problem. I know right? We all know wearing a tan suit and having a fit wife is the REAL pathetic behaviour. Then why are there Russian import bans? Why does Beto and Other Democrats promise to ban. Why is there the unconstitutional ATF/NFA? On technicalities alone all gun laws go against the constitution. I agree not everyone needs to own certain firearms but to ban  them is wrong. I dont have a problem with background checks or even the tax stamps. I just disagree with the bans altogether. If we prove to be sane and dont have any felonies or dui’s we should be capable of owning whatever. Millions is wasted on these bills and bans on gun control when it should go to proper health thats all. Not looking to fight with anyone. Just trying to educate. There is always going to be violence and dishonesty within the world. But if we stop blaming inanimate objects for doing wrong when its the users fault. Extreme ownership. Own up to your faults and hold others accountable (respectfully) to theirs. If someone points out that you screwed up. Check your ego and own up to your fault. You dont blame a hammer when you hit your thumb instead of the nail. You blame your dumbass and get back to work. Only ones spreading hate are you pathetic lot. Again, the level of social mobility just is not present. You do not go from earning <10000 to over 250000 in 10 years in Canada. \#1 And MOST IMPORTANT - accept the reality that either Joe Biden or Donald Trump will be the President come January 2021. There is no possible third outcome. By accepting that you then have to put all your energy into electing Biden. You have to vote and you have top get your friends to vote. 

\#2 We HAVE TO RETAKE THE SENATE. For us to undo as much of the damage Trump has done requires that we control both houses of Congress and the White House. Yes, there are many legitimate issues we have with Biden and the Democratic Party but to spend time on them now is to strengthen the GOP. If there was ever a time to be a unified voice sweet flaming Jesus THIS IS THAT TIME. Is that why you are camping out in this subreddit, hoping to spread hate just before you crawl back under your bridge to lick the boot of your fascist president? I'd take alot of countries over the usa, including Canada. Because we don’t want your gun humping dogma as a way of an attempt at deflection from the point of the protests and what’s going on.

And conservatives right now deserve derision. Conservatives already back gun rights. So why beat a dead horse. And they clearly need mental health being who our president is lol What a pathetic lot you all are. Trump is pretty much the [Supply side Jesus](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8xU-gKK17A). No democrats want to take your guns. Many democrats own guns, especially in my home state of Wisconsin. 


We are not the ones being authoritarian, that would be the guy who teargassed and flashbanged members of a church in DC yesterday so he could get a photo op of himself standing outside holding a bible upside down. This is America. It's not a new problem. Since our country was founded, we've been divided by race. We've systematically taken away rights of people who aren't like us. We've had authoritarians running ostensibly democratic governments to perpetuate racism.

For a moment, we had a black president. Racism wasn't fixed, but we could see ourselves making progress. Then along came that racial reactionary toddler we have in the White House at the moment.

We can only hope we come out of this with a rejuvenated sense of racial equality. And fight for that we must. For context, my parents are Indian. My ancestors grew up in slums, earning 1000 dollars a year or less, living in shacks, working meal to meal, wearing rags. My grandpa had to slog his ass off nearly working himself to death to work his way up in a factory with dismal conditions and finally take ownership. Why? So he could send my dad to high shcool and so he could come to college here. 20 years later and we're not rich, but very well off leading a comfortable life.

Nowhere else in the world could a story like this be possible. Nowhere else can a family come here and live in a one bedroom apartment with one bag of clothes and no money and finally work hard to get a good life. This type of social mobility is impossible in most of asia, and much of the rest of the world as well. So other average people in other countries are dying of hunger, getting into literal slavery, doing backbreaking work in mines - they do NOT have it better than us. My family's neighbors have NO food right now. My dad's best friend who he grew up with is literally unable to provide for his family right now. But here, we have stimulus checks, stable jobs, etc. 

My life was never easy, but I'm thankful beyond words for living here. Instead of complaining about "benefiting the rich" and other meta level stuff complaining about the people at the top, our story is proof that hard work really pays off with the american dream. And we know who always has to approve it the divider-in-chief himself. Get this shit out of here until you can say the same to conservatives first. .#MarriageGoals He's an idiot. Don't overthink it. Cops:  "We were just following orders" From the link:

The people that have the power to make these changes are elected officials. That means the people that have the power to make these changes are us.

Make your voice heard

* **Contact** your police chiefs, district attorneys, and state legislators and make it clear what actions you demand to see
* **Protest** until the changes are made
* **Donate** to amplify your voice
* **Vote** for the right mayors, sheriffs, district attorneys, and state representatives next election
* **Share** these expectations for structural change with friends

\---

Additional policy solutions from Black Lives Matter Campaign Zero [here](https://www.joincampaignzero.org/).

\---

Thoughts? Trump basically is satan, I know!! But we really can't go around insulting each other and getting pissed. I agree...on behalf of George Floyd, Eric Gardner, etc...

The question is... how do we make it happen? Which is why neither should be president. It's bull shit. It's also not too late to get someone better. I just hate everyone washing over it and not holding Biden to account. Why does he get a free pass? He also helped write the patriot act which further militarized the police. Biden is not with BLM or poc in this and its sad to see the media white wash his role. My fiance and I teared up during this speech. It's been three long and exhausting years since we had a speech befitting of a president, and when we finally got one it felt like a massive weight was being lifted off of my shoulders. 

This was a fantastic speech, I fully believe that Biden had what it takes to best Trump come November. This was truly an election defining speech. We'll see To your first question, yes it probably will make profit in one way or another..

Conspiracy: I am happy to hear anything against it.

Rioting: I believe rioting comes mostly from anger and the feeling of not 
treated fairly by society. The most shameful stunt *so far*. Such destain. And Trump can't even do a real smile. The whole family is just.... wretched. And wrong. Like they're playing human beings and half assing it. And guess which Vermont congressman voted for it? Anything to get that vote back lol Well now that he has weighed in, the powers that be won’t have any choice but to change police institutions and the direction of the flow of capital. Will Switzerland act as a smuggler and banker for their new fascist overlord like they did 80 years ago? Will they seize minority assets for themselves? 

You’re being an alarmist and conspiracy theorist. The rioting and looting is largely because humans act like idiots when they get into large groups. It’s not any one group. It’s just humans in general. https://i0.wp.com/mk0webretailer1u87a1.kinstacdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/International-Returns-Options.jpg?resize=350%2C200&ssl=1 Legally, it’s not over until he puts her back in her original packaging and returns her to the vendor.  

Via FedEx probably, given how much he hates the USPS. ? Becuase he is doing/saying anything to garner votes. He will get elected and go back on his word.( damn chicago politics really took a toll on me) Everything is done to benefit the rich at the top of government. I'm no better off today than I was 20 years ago.

I think people in the usa don't understand how good the average person has it in other countries. Wow, you don't understand that pro lifers will vote republican even if Satan himself is the candidate? Wow. eh? BOT Do you ever get the feeling that marriage is long over with? >Those were good times... 

... when our president wasn’t trying to kill us with clorox injections, police dominance, and by defunding and rejecting scientists’ guidance on handling a pandemic. But Biden literally wrote the bill that caused all of this. He has yet to apologize. Words are less than actions. I'm so stressed as a Democrat. I feel like I'm a prisoner to hate and trickery with Biden as the candidate.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Violent_Crime_Control_and_Law_Enforcement_Act VOTE this TURD out!!!! Biden wrote the crime bill that fueled the precedent Reagan started....

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Violent_Crime_Control_and_Law_Enforcement_Act Good speech Yeah, I remember when we had an adult in the Oval Office. 

Those were good times. We all are. But there are millions of us who are willing to stand up for what's right. We're not going to lay down and let Trump turn this country into a fascist dictatorship. By Trumpian standards you're right.  At the times, there were big gulfs between the candidates, usually, in my opinion.  Sr. voting for Clinton should have been the turning point in the last election, but we know how weirdly that last week went... If you look at their policies, most Republican presidents before Trump could have easily been moderate democrats. Bush Sr. actually voted for Clinton and Bush Jr. didn't vote for president. It all comes down to abortion and homosexuality for a lot of people. Most people aren't well acquainted with religious history and texts. What they do know is that it's a sin to abort or to have sex with the same gender, so if you support those things they assume you're not christian. We know what percentage Jill Stein got and across the board, it would have been enough to give Hillary the edge in all 3.  Obligatory “Don’t get complacent, vote” but the contrast between Trump and Biden -has- to be getting through to any undecideds that might be out there. Only as long as the payments come from the union/individual and not the taxpayers, good! What annoys me is that Republicans claim that Democrats aren't Christians. I can remember conversations here on Reddit about how Hillary wasn't a real Christian, that it was all an act. But Trump? Oh yeah, a man of God This was a very powerful statement, read in an authoritative manner. The choice is clear. If you still can’t make up your mind, after everything that’s happened, please just stay home on Election Day. Biden wasn’t even in my top six, but I would vote for a potato if it has a (D) after its name. That's great! Very inspiring

Also, I wasn't aware that a redditor knew most of my extended family from back home 🤔 > be a good Christian for 5 minutes.

... Checks history book on Christianity ...

Yeah, that pretty much tracks. I'm also not thrilled about Biden winning the primary, but I'm energized about voting Trump out and encouraged about Bidens recent overtures to progressives. Ok, assume you’re Trump and you want to get a photo op to pander to the religious people who for some reason or another see you as a Jesus figure. Why would THIS be the photo you thought would be good? 

A better photo would be you sitting in an empty church pew. The photo is shot from behind you with the alter in the backdrop. Your head is slightly bowed and you have the Bible open to some poignant verse.

Also, did they not think people would be filming how the secret service cleared the streets? This man is so fucking dense. I think it should be noted that the last three months aren't necessarily good for the Democratic Party's chances of taking back the White House. Often disenfranchised voters don't vote Democratic: they just don't vote. People who feel unrepresented by the system don't vote. People who feel that neither party will change things for the better don't vote. And the Democratic Party does a lot at the local level to chase police union support.

There are a lot of people who believe, "he's an idiot who's wrecking the country, so Biden's a shoe-in for 2020." But then, that's what they said about Bush vs. Kerry in 2004. By the way...I googled the boogaloo thing. I honestly had never heard of it until you mentioned it. I saw that they operate heavily in Facebook. I don’t use Facebook, so maybe that’s why I am just hearing of them. I'm really looking forward to the Republicans For Biden ads that are going to start coming out.  George W. telling people to vote Democrat is going to be almost as surreal as the Trump presidency has been. His ‘ brand ‘. When I came to understand that concept ( a brand ) , it made a little more sense. I didn't realize how *much* I missed that until I saw Biden talking this week. Love him or not, you can't deny he's being a leader, which we desperately need right now. a lot of them are all y’all no walk i believe that number would be closer to a couple thousand at most and the secret service will drag his ass out if Biden Wins I remember when Hillary couldn't lose.

I give to Joe's campaign EVERY WEEK because I know this will be a hard fight all the way to the end and maybe even after. We live in a world where hugs are a bad thing.  That's a bad thing.  I like Biden more for his hug thing (and I'm not a hugger), not less.  Some politicians kiss babies for the photo op.  I think he just likes making contact.  It's a shame that's been ruined for us as a culture. Fuck him. https://i.imgur.com/GueSIXp.png That looks stupid from every angle. Is he trying to send some <3 to his Evangelical voters? We need to keep the momentum going and Express how all of this anger should be channeled into voting. Voting in ALL city and state and county elections. Yeah thats Philly. Check out r/Philadelphia for more details Okay, buddy, you're sounding more like a troll right now. We all hate Trump, but we can't insult our country by calling it a shit hole. 46% of the country voted against Trump, and the vast majority will do it agian. One bad president doesn't give you the right to insult everyone who died for our country, Chill out In all honesty, you're being kinda crazy angry and your statments dont' make a lot of literal or grammatical sense. I won't blame people for misunderstanding. Maybe take a second to read what you're writing and put it across in a less angry mannes? Obama choosing him as his running mate/VP does say a lot.  Making a big deal of the hugging thing has always bothered me for personal reasons.  My dad is the same way, and he certainly is not trying to harass or intimidate anyone by doing so.  It’s easy for me to forgive his gaffes because he’s human.  What I can’t wrap my head around is those who think Trump is a-ok in everything he says (even when inciting violence and racism), but they zone in on every little gaffe Biden has ever made. Yes a Russian shill was voted into office. Yes he attained office through Russian interference in the election. Yes part of that strategy was state-by-state winner-take-all delegates, the irrelevance of non-swing states, and the electoral college.  But these have been around since the founding and so we can hardly blame them for where we are right now. They were just grandfathered in plumbing that were used by Russia to meddle in the election. And we need to always remember that the Russian goal is not primarily to elect Trump but instead to engender lack of faith in our civil institutions.

So I believe that both conservatives and liberals love their country.  I believe that the United States electorate are good people who want good for their country and usually make the right decisions. I believe that the Deep patriotic state that is loyal to the Constitution is present and continues to be our protection.

Lincoln said that no president can do too much damage in just four years. Today it's hard to believe he said that, but I'm  hopeful that the rule of law will hold and I think I have a good base for that hope. These are keepers. I think I’ve heard the second but the first is gold. 

I heard that if you want to see the real person, give them power. I love those Two Corinthians - such a pair! Thanks. Here's the original undoctored image:  [https://twitter.com/kiers/status/1267800832239644672](https://twitter.com/kiers/status/1267800832239644672) That McConnell ad is awesome. Some people actually believe in the "small government" paradise hoax and I guess Will still is. I mean how could you be GOP through the Reagan years and Bush II and not think "hm this is a pretty awful group." Sick and tired of police unions. Fuck 'em! Biden is nailing it! Seems Tucker is more vicious than Trump. Even fucking Rush Limbaugh has sympathy for Floyd but Tucker is ok with Police Thugs. You know how I thought this would go? At some point, the plural you would have a moment of enlightenment, and realize that certain segments of society have been getting a raw deal, and you should be doing *better*, starting *yesterday*.

What happened instead is the plural you yelled at me, "I'm going to ignore you because I don't like what you're telling me. How *dare* you offend my sensibilities?!" Compromise might be part of living in society, and all that, but you've all made it pretty clear that *you're* not the ones that are supposed to be compromising, because... reasons, I guess? Okay, then.

I'm disappointed, but not even remotely surprised. This is why we can't have nice things. It's all about the Benjamins! Glad someone else confirmed my assumptions. I've reported the top comment as misinformation. A grammar fascist who puts like four spaces after a sentence. I hear that. One of my sons also called it a dystopia. Biden is a light in the darkness. Im not sure what crowds you're watching,  bit from my perspective the rioting and looting wad actually WORSE last night,  with some of it staring hours even before the curfew went into effect.  This movement isn't going anywhere.  It has just started. That's YUGE in my book. Yeah, Biden sometimes shoots from the hip in a way that gets exploded into a bigger issue than it really is, including his hugs etc.   I kinda feel for him, I'm prone to honest gaffes myself... no filter... I expect our leaders to be better than me, otherwise what's the point, but it's easy to see where Biden's heart is at, and frankly, Obama's endorsement by choosing him as VP filled in the blanks for me.  He's a great choice for taking down Trump, right here right now.  Sometimes you need a Chamberlain and sometimes you need a Churchill.  No, I'm not comparing him to Churchill, but I searched for an analogy and came up with that semi-accurate gaffe on the fly. Uplifting. This is how a leader talks. Someone needs to adapt this song - [Heywood Banks' Pretending I'm Not Home](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCY7NSqjnmM) to the topic at hand.  Pile on the mockery - he deserves it. Very true.  While Biden was not my first choice, I believe he is the right choice.  The problem with Biden is him not thinking before speaking sometimes, and he makes too many gaffes to not do that.  I truly don’t think he means anything by them, but they can be used against him so easily.  So yes, I think he needs to lay low and let Trump keep making an ass out of himself. You should probably get a stool with how much you're reaching. Lol so you clearly have no idea the boogaloo is for. One it’s not a civil war it would be a revolutionary war if it came to it. Two, it literally has nothing to do with race anyone who is pro gun and wants to limit gov power is accepted no matter race. Three, majority are not republicans nor do they support trump, most are libertarians and believe in limiting government power and more power with the people, less taxes, less ridiculous laws (war on drugs for one). You most certainly are *not* behaving like a *friend*, and most definitely *not* "treating me with respect and kindness". You are also deliberately and purposefully misunderstanding (and misapplying) everything I'm saying - if this is you being *friendly*, I would say the situation is pretty fucked, no? Every conversion counts! From the beginning, this has been about the status for Trump. I dream of retiring there. >DOD put out a statement today

I think I have my finger on the pulse of news and then I somehow miss something breathtakingly significant.

The most recent public statement from the DOD I can find was five days ago regarding COVID-19. Defense.gov says nothing new. A search of the usual news sources yields nothing like that.

What exactly did the DOD say and to whom? I feel those same people do the same with Nancy Pelosi.  Strong, intelligent, competent, and powerful women are still looked down upon.  And if they are of color, it’s even worse. Typical Trump behavior Bible predicted corona confirmed, someone get History Channel on the phone! Hahahaaaaa orangefuckface what a cock. That's fair, especially because I am actually liking him more and more each day. I can do that from now on. Exactly what I was thinking! The primary difference in the two candidates, imo, is that Biden is not tone-deaf to what the nation needs and will take criticism as a form of how we can improve, not as what he as an individual is doing wrong.

The fact that he has been willing to apologize for things he's said and done is refreshing after 3.5 years of finger pointing and name calling. This is what REAL leadership looks like Thanks!!! Pfft and people get called radical for plotting to assassinate Trump the longer the people wait to start shooting police who won't kneel or stand in solidarity, the easier it will be for Trump to take control One of the sayings I was raised with is "Once you are more interested in power than principle, you're done.  You are of no use to the people whose lives are affected by you.".

Another phrase my mother preached that falls in line with that is: "Most of the time, the right decision is the difficult decision.". https://twitter.com/threeheadedtoad/status/1267682742298238978?s=21 King Joffrey done Lol Republicans still claiming lincoln As any dictator would be 😆 Yea, that was literally when trump was being elected. I’m sure it was deadly for all lgbt people, potentially even disproportionately to trans people. It WAS better in 2015. You can’t deny that. At a minimum, it was better than it is now. 

You just want to argue. And I’m so fucking annoyed. I don’t dislike you because you’re trans, I don’t like you because you don’t want help, you won’t contribute positively to a discussion and you’re not willing to help yourself. If you wanna make enemies with everyone, fine. But don’t expect others to treat you nicely if you won’t do the same to them. I haven’t hurt you. I’m trying to help you and your cause, but I won’t contribute to partake in your pitty part. Grow up and be an adult. I voted for her on 2016 and I will vote for Biden this year, I’m from NJ so a safe state but still have to vote, do we know what percentage of Bernie supporters from those states you mentioned voted for Hillary on 2016? This is my thought. The Secret Service isn’t really interested in the politics. They likely got the order that the President was moving and did the thing. The rest of the Administration seemed confused and the DOD put out a statement today walking back everything Trump said about the military. Of course you don't owe me anything, it's called doing favors for your fellow Democrats who are trying to learn more about a Candidate. Fuck. Yeah apparently I indeed suck at google because literally I've been sitting here for 10 minutes trying to find Biden quote from today and coming up with ziltch. Trump: "Principle? Is that the guy I pass to pick up my date at middle school?" It is photoshopped.  The Hitler pic doesn’t include a book at all. Most Bernie supporters will vote for Biden. The ones who make demands and threats we can win without.

You lost. Move on for the good of the country and the rest of the world. Tucker didn't criticize Trump and Kushner because he sympathizes with protestors. He criticized them for NOT being tough enough. Maybe try steering her towards the history of what dems have accomplished vs. republicans? I don't actually owe you anything. If you don't know how to use Google that's hardly my problem but uh you're welcome I guess > Nor is it acceptable for our police — sworn to protect and serve all people — to escalate tensions or resort to excessive violence.

VERY VERY rare for politicians to actually call out POLICE as the ones to blame.

The usual words are "racism is bad." No shit. That's like saying you're against cancer.

Cops get to agree with "racism bad."

What about police brutality?

Cops: "What police brutality?"

I'm not  a Dem or Repub. I'm Canadian.

But I want to recruit you people here to spread the message: "Push POLICE hard, hard, hard to admit police brutality (and abuse of authority) is the primary problem.

* Police Brutality
* Racism

linked, but different. Cops can talk about racism. They have to admit they are the source of the problem with police brutality.

With police brutality, they are the bad guy.

Make sure all the speeches to come are viewed thru this filter. Don't let these wretched bastards off, because they are slimey and will grin fuck you to avoid change. I'm asking in good faith and you can't even provide anything? I finally managed to tune into him making a speech today after a fellow redditor that actually gave a shit did send me a link, thanks for nothing. Facebook is a monopolistic company that should be broken up using the power of US antitrust laws. It's not that complicated. You went 15 different ways - be more concise if you want to not be misconstrued.  You think that excitement shouldn't come from candidates, that it shouldnt be a reality show. BUT people should be happy and excited (wait what how did we get to people should be excited?) Bernie is great, but "you gotta make your expectations more reasonable." Yay get trump out of office, insert a random comparison to nazis, and then you end with a conclusion not backed up by ANY of your previous points.

Also, please explain further what you meant by your first sentence that can not be reasonably summarized to what I paraphrased it as. I support much of his policies but Biden isn't showing himself as a great leader during this time. Public opinion is on the protestors side and it is extremely easy for him to support it. Say what you may, I just think it's just another day as a politician for Biden. It probably looked better on the whiteboard than the actual execution.

Bet they didn't even give a single thought to the optics of clearing the path, they were just timing it for the daylight. Since we seem to best respond to simplistic jingoism as a species:  Fuck Facebook.  I hope his coders make something new and better, and it goes the way of MySpace. Ive seen the picture too but I also saw the same image without the book. It definitely appears Photoshopped. Really, it's not like we need Photoshop to make valid comparisons to Hitler for Trump. Do you get the feeling a lot of conservatives just want to be on the winning team?  I respect Will, and I'm glad to see some Republicans coming to their senses, but I hope the Democrats just say "No thanks, we got this" and let them stew in the rubble of their own party, since they made the mess in the first place.   Except for George W.'s endorsement, of course, and maybe Fucker Carlson's, because super-lol. Surprised it didn't burn his hand. It became *de riguer* to "not like Hillary" but acceptable to not list specific reasons.

One of the most widely admired women alive, and possibly the single most qualified candidate for President since George Washington, and people didn't think anything about saying "I just don't like her" without having reasons.

Nobody liked her but she drew more votes than anyone ever except Obama (another candidate that "nobody liked"). no "Karl Marx enters the chat" Since it's become fashionable to "not like Biden" without actually giving reasons, I've started asking for reasons.

What policies do you object to? Obviously the argument isn't about qualifications, since Biden tops the shortest lists of the most qualified people to ever run for public office. How do we get this post stickied? "nOBody Is tRyInG tO tAkE yoUr GuNS."

Yeah sure, funny tho that you guys scream police brutality 24/7 (wich is legit, I mean look around) but want people to be beaten up an lynched whitout having the abillity to protect themselfes. Now if we could get the other non-racist Trump supporters to realize he's a bigot and get non-voters to realize another 4 years of Trump would negatively affect them personally, then we might win this thing... I think a lot of bermie fans are waking up. Thank God. I think what people are trying to say is that it is more helpful to say “I’m voting to get Donald Trump out”, not “I don’t like Biden, but he’s not as bad!”

A lot of us that do prefer Biden are worried that the conversation will turn to “the lesser of two evils” like in 2016. That conversation could lead to the notion that somehow Biden (imperfect, absolutely), belongs in the same conversation about incompetence as Trump. 

You’re entitled to prefer another candidate, and voice that however you feel, but let’s make this about getting corruption out. I’ll admit, Biden is a Band-Aid, but just because the Band-Aid isn’t the brand you prefer, it’s either that or bleed out. Bruh are you fucking high? This aint a tv wonderland dude, countries have gone to war for less. People coming from other countries were not being screened at the airports. Show me a public cry. I literally can't find one. Hey, thanks for trying. So sad. Biden being presidential. I have missed that these past three years Only takes one being unruly and the tear gas is coming out Yesterday really upset me. I’m a bit older and, to me, these were children that were protesting. Then Trump literally orders an attack on the children, the future, of this country. Like a bully, he paraded, with a combat dressed general yet, to a church and held up a Bible. This stunt is literally spitting in the face of our spirituality.

Biden’s speech warmed me and gave me a glimpse of light in this darkness.

I’ve been through the assassination of JFK. Civil rights, the Vietnam War. Yesterday’s evil actions by Trump is probably at the bottom of the dark pit of dystopia. Wise words, friend. I'll check out those links. Thank you! I love psychology In the same speech we’re talking about in this article he also recommended officers train to shoot unarmed knife attackers in the leg instead of the torso. It is absolutely the candidate’s job to excite their base. That being said, Biden is clearly better than Trump. 

I’ve been out protesting a lot this last week and the sentiment is not “I can’t wait for Biden” it is more about solidarity with each other in the face of our elites not doing enough. Now is the time to do more.

Also, vote for Biden please!!! We will do all we can to push him where he needs to get. His administration and cabinet will be world’s better than we have currently. Trump is a fucking moron.  Nothing he does makes sense to normal people. In his mind, it looks "powerful." Plus, his numbers have slipped almost 10 points in support by evangelicals, so he thinks this will help him with that. We haven't lost the right. It is ours. What we've lost is the false sense of security that comes from taking freedoms for granted. Trump is an authoritarian, as are the Republicans who made sure he can do as he wishes. They are the enemies of democratic governance. These racist elitists detest the idea that ordinary people, including people of color and immigrants, can direct the course of government and policy. They must be defeated at the box office, conclusively and without question. Otherwise this 250 year old experiment is finished. I 100% agree we should vote for Biden, but I 100% disagree with the statement saying he is proving himself to be a great leader. I think he is simply a better option than Trump, and his team will be far better than Trump's team. But I think he is a weak candidate. That and the WH being pitch black, is a symbol of this presidency so far. Trump thinks principles are the people your dad bribes to let you pass.  If you ever get a chance look up the term 'Lazy Think.'  But long story short is your brain is lazy and uses shortcuts to save on processing power.  Which makes sense your out in the forest hunting wildebeests and need to conserve calories. 

&#x200B;

Here is an article, talking about how it works and gives you sentences to show how you can lazy think (Funny story is the first line is about fake news): [https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/thoughts-thinking/201902/4-outcomes-lazy-thinking](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/thoughts-thinking/201902/4-outcomes-lazy-thinking)  

&#x200B;

 Also, here are some ways to avoid it: [https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/277671](https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/277671)  

  
With that said!   The most important thing I can share with you is my own rationalist motto: **“What do you think you know, and how do you think you know it?"**   

&#x200B;

If you burn that into your brain you will realize how much stuff you just assume is true. That’s a really poor interpretation of my point. I don't know about you? 


But I believe the police were the one with tear gas. 


The people were just protesting peacefully. No damage to property or anything like that, at least in my area. I’ve seen the image on Reddit, but I’m not sure it’s real. The book Hitler was holding looked exactly like the one Trump had, right down to the embossing on the front cover. I also can’t find any images of Hitler holding a book in his right hand in a few minutes of googling. She says she is unsure, she wants to do more research on 3rd party candidates before she makes a decision Fixed! Thank you! white supremacist plant  ruined the madison wi protests  because  they got a white chick to do some performance in front of the cops   then  she started smashing the windows of all the small businesses.
cops fucking suck at deescalating..
  when we peacefully marched none of them joined or respected the movement.. they stared at us like serial killers.  I stood in a line making  a white wall to protect the black ppl  when we went past the court house  that had a line of the fuzz staring us down. Coronians Apparently, President Bone Spurs needed TP It’d be great if she cast her ballot for Biden, but if she voted for Trump in 2016 and skips voting this year, it’ll still be a hit against him. proud boys are the worst the white supremacists are inciting the most and hitting the worst targets... .   you think that antifa lit fire to that childrens hospital?  no fucking way   at worst hitting banks and confederate monuments..  police stations  court houses etc...        antifa i think has good intentions  but is it helping to have them on the streets right now?  I guess i don't know. maybe they will do more good recording police than fighting them. also  identifying and snagging white supremacist agitators when they are caught in the act.   we need the military on our side.. trump will attempt a coup if thinks it is possible to lose the election.

the sdny said they would prosecute him once  he is out of office.  if you could lose your kingship to go to prison  wouldn't you go kicking and screaming?   unless you think trump is thinking about responsibility and not self serving.    I just don't understand why people say "he is a bad president"    .... he isn't your president...  he was never trying to help you   so he isn't "bad"  at it.  he has done a great job doing what he actually wanted.. filling judges, military, supreme court etc.. positions  and studying the ways of dictators around the world.  if people don't see it now then they won't see it once they are stuck in a chain gang or gassed in the showers.... Yes, it was good that he shut down the flights, but that's all he did 40,000 more people came in without being screened. He never follows up. He just throws shit into the wind and Hope's it sticks. When it doesn't, its everyone else's fault. Jeez, what took so long??? They were in the park ministering to the peaceful protesters, and were gassed with everyone else so Trump could pretend to be a good Christian for 5 minutes. He gassed peaceful Americans, pushed aside reporters, and forced the priests away to use the church.  The church was never consulted and did not give its permission.

[https://www.washingtonpost.com/video/national/police-force-out-protesters-minutes-before-trump-can-pose-for-photos/2020/06/01/2f950018-3781-4d91-8af2-db893c4503d1\_video.html](https://www.washingtonpost.com/video/national/police-force-out-protesters-minutes-before-trump-can-pose-for-photos/2020/06/01/2f950018-3781-4d91-8af2-db893c4503d1_video.html) Absolutely repulsive. Someone please, link? Fighting in vain.    Grammar facist here. But he's read 1st and 2nd Corellians! Damn that's a good way of putting it. A programming exploit. Think like a robot, get used like a robot "Please just doublethink yourself into being a happy camper for Biden"

I'm good, thanks. He can change his policy to be more aligned with my interests if he wants me to be happy with him. That's something that he has control over, since we're talking about having control over things. His idiot base doesn’t give a fuck except that he pretends to be Christian. That bible is upside down and backwards He tear gassed the clergy at that church, too. 

It’s like shitting on the table and demand everyone praise you because you’re sitting like a big boy on your chair at said shit table. He doesn't know the difference. well said! There is extreme irony in the church he chose for his photo. The Episcopal church is way more liberal than the evangelical base he relies on. and wtf was his and Melania's little trip to st. pauls just now??? another photo op, totally! Oh, I see what you're saying now.  And you're right, but it isn't a new story.  Appealing to emotion goes all the way back to the death of Socrates.

&#x200B;

Hell, it's even one of the common techniques you learn in highschool to make a persuasive argument:  ethos, logos and **pathos**.

&#x200B;

Edit:  With that said, you're right.  It isn't a good thing.  Personally I think it's more of a programing exploit in our code. Wtf? You go on this heart felt explanation of your feelings and end it with “antifa or the“boogaloo” movement?

What is the “boogaloo” movement? What makes you think antifa is behind anything?

Furthermore, are you going to point that same finger towards the three percenters? The Proud Boys? Or any of the myriad of right wing, anti government, white nationalist militia groups?

They are the ones constantly threatening Civil War. Has he never held a book before? Do you know if she is going to vote for Biden, or not vote at all? The entire history of Christianity basically happened because emperor Constantine needed an army to retake parts of the Roman empire. If you had not done this Christianity would not be what it is today it's possible it would be extinct. So, he didn’t think there was enough to mock him about before?? 

Thanks for the ammo you bunker dwelling keyboard warrior? Grow out your neck beard already! Amen He stands with peaceful protesters, till he needs a photo op! The election is about kicking Trump out. That said, Biden is changing his tune and sounding more progressive all the time, which is encouraging. 100% agreed. 

Check out the rabbit hole of [searching twitter for "peaceful until the police"](https://twitter.com/search?q=peaceful%20until%20the%20police&src=typed_query) for tons of proof I had forgotten what leadership looks like. 

> A nation where not only we are created equal, but also treated equal! Those words will go down in history. Oh, that's what I mean. People have become very aware when someone is using a strawman fallacy (though they haven't figured out just calling out a fallacy isn't the same as winning a debate yet), but seem mostly oblivious when arguments, especially in the media, are appeals to their emotions Ive been through a handful of riots in different contexts.  In my experience the riot tends to start when the police do, it is basic human nature. He looks sooooo uncomfortable and awkward holding a Bible haha Surely son! Just lay back on your high horse, and tell me all your biases, delusions, and fears! I don't follow the last part.  Appeal to emotion and Traymen are both fallacies. 1. Bernie
2. Yang
3. Warren
4. Biden

No, not my preferred candidate. Too bad not enough people acted like adults 3 1/2 years ago. So much of this could have all been avoided. They always use soft gloves. Donald has zero interest in principle. Wow I didn't even realize there were a bunch of primaries today.  After Bernie dropped out and we got hit by a motherfucking plague I admit I haven't paid as much attention. So it sounds like he's your preferred candidate Amazing how effective propaganda can be.

I've started evaluating news stations by how they're trying to make the audience feel. If a news station is inclined to incite fear, anger, hatred, and violence, it's amazing how it hooks people in. Can't tell you how many online debates I've seen where people cry "Strawman!" "Fallacy!" and yet have never heard of "appeal to emotion." Wait...so his brilliant idea was to tear-gas peaceful protesters so that he could puff his chest out holding a Bible because he was stung by criticism that he was hiding in a bunker. 

Article 25 time. Again. I don't mean to be that guy, but if we had stronger support for Hillary in 2016 from the Bernie-or-Bust crowd, at least in MI, WI and PA, we wouldn't be in this position. Where have the Democrats been during all of this?????????? Hope is how we continue to take those two steps forward while being forced one step back. Too late to change teams, Fucker.  We won't forgive your evil. Fascist so cowardly and insecure about their opinions that they pretend to be anti-fascists. I feel so (cautiously) hopeful! Who in the world who treasures the Bible would hold it like *that* with such dead eyes?

It's like a weird version of holding your right hand in the air while placing your left hand on the Bible done by someone who has never done this before. Except he has done this before. Lights are on, but no one is home. You need to understand man.

Facemasks = Oppression

Press being arrested = Owning the Libs Why do some Republicans arm themselves if not for abusing the power of the military? There is an obvious difference between a protest having white people there showing support and white provocateurs either bad faith white supremacists or white people trying to make this about something else/them and trying to instigate violence and destruction of property.

&#x200B;

White people should be showing solidarity, they shouldn't be trying to co-opt the movement for their own goal of trying to provoke a more violent/destructive response for a race war (white supremacist) or revolution (anarchist/leftist violent revolutionaries).  

&#x200B;

There are countless videos of protestors having to restrain overzealous white people bent on making the whole protest look bad (or who are delusional and think they are helping like several social media types we have seen trying to get people to flip semi trucks, spray paint a starbucks, or break sidewalks to throw at the police).  


That some of them are white supremacists is the ultimate betrayal,  white people should be more respectful of what this is all about.  Their support is great and needed, but this is not about them and their alternate agendas this is about racial justice.  Reddit/twitter is full of delusional white people trying to take over the cause for their own purposes and at the protests (at least here) there are definitely a very very very small minority of white people doing this on the street. He’s not a political opponent he’s an enemy of the state. After seeing him tear gassing peaceful protesters yesterday there is no doubt in my mind he is actively trying to hurt the nation and make things worse for everyone, including his base. Praying on street corners for all to see...I think the Bible has some thoughts on those who do that. Y’all should really reel in your vocal surrogates then (Brie brie, Sirota, Robinson, Ball, etc.) because they make you all look horrible. You don’t/didn’t have prominent Biden surrogates out there bashing Bernie over the most ridiculous shit. We also don’t have subs like OurPresident or WOTB who post nothing but Biden smears 24/7. The only sub similar to that for us would be ESS, and that sub is a pure and inverse reaction to the vocal online Sanders community. It reacts almost exclusively to comments made by these vocal bernie bros. That study also only analyzed Twitter. I’m speaking from Reddit experience, as Twitters just toxic shit with no productive discourse He’s as simple as his followers.  Problem is that nobody smart is falling for it. I'm not exactly sure why he got rid of that task force, but wasn't he the one taking precautions by closing down flights from China in January? Everyone said it was an act of racism but he was the one doing it from the beginning, no ? That's awesome, heartening. What a thin-skinned weakling. Nah I don't buy it. Trump may be terrible, but he is soooooo good at being Trump. The man can barely string a sentence together, but he really is a good media man. I don't think anyone can willingly emulate him. Same here!  He was my second choice (after Warren) from day one. >"They get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy to people who aren't like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations." Wasn’t even a good photo op. Looked kinda like he’d never seen a book before. It’s a Harvard study. Google it. For the most part, they won't, but there will be those that stand to gain from this and those that are blind followers of the faith, there will be some showing support for this its on us to scold them or just straight up ignore, don't try to save the ones who still stand by trump after this they're a lost cause. 

I was watching Fox News last night flipping from there to CNN, CNN almost called this out immediately for what it was and Anderson Cooper was in shock as to how abhorrent this act was, Fox News was covering the "Historic Church" and how awful it was that "Government property is being destroyed" and Martha macullum or whatever was just "so sad that history is being erased". Keep in mind this was a small fire and the church will likely be repaired in no time. Damn! That was about as presidential as it gets. I’ve literally seen people on Bernie subs say it with my own eyes. 

There it is. Claiming that your candidate, who said “aren’t most drug dealers black”, chose not to march in Selma with the other candidates, and tried to primary the first black president, is the only god sent one, as you continue to call Biden racist, despite failing to acknowledge he was selected by the vast majority of the black community. It was Biden supporters that fabricated and pushed the "low-info voter" line.

  
Biden has a verifiable history of racist comments and inappropriate actions around women and children. Now diagnose me, doctor! Don't forget [The Trump Prophecy](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Trump_Prophecy) and [QAnon](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2020/06/qanon-nothing-can-stop-what-is-coming/610567/)
 and [The Power Worshipers](https://www.bloomsbury.com/us/the-power-worshippers-9781635573459/) as well as C-Street, The Family, and in general, those that fervently believe in The Rapture like Pompeo an Pence. The broad umbrella is Christian Nationalism which is comprised of neo-Confederate groups, Ku Klux Klan groups, racist skinheads and other sharing white supremacist beliefs. (See https://www.counterpunch.org/2020/03/27/gods-vengeance-the-christian-right-and-the-coronavirus/) I’m gonna vote for Biden, but I really wish I didn’t have to. I really wish we didn’t keep putting ourselves in these lesser of two evils situations. It sucks, but right now a vote for Biden on November 3rd is the right thing to do. I'd spit on Trump in a heartbeat. [Yes](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2020/us/elections/delegate-count-primary-results.html). If you guys don't vote this November, you may not have the option 4 years from now Thank you! Thanks for writing this, because I personally struggle with this.  I have had many decent Republicans in my life as friends and family and I think Democrats let themselves off easy on the difficulty of a lot of policy questions when they don't take the other side's point of view seriously.  But with Trump, it's so hard to see any of his enthusiastic followers as anything more than people who are enthusiastic for...evil.  He's such a personification of every human sin, everything that tears us apart, of the human tendency toward fascism.  The simple explanation for people who cheer this man is that they see exactly how vile he is, and they love it. https://i.redd.it/iv1l7i9eli251.png At this point, the less Biden campaigns the better.  That's not a slam at Biden, just a recognition of how things work.  Trump's doing his campaigning for him. I would argue that Biden isn’t a bitter pill, and that’s just your outlook, which you do have control over.  

I don’t think it should be a candidate’s job to get people excited.  Look at Canada.  The least exciting candidates, the reasonable, thoughtful, perhaps even quiet people, are often the best leaders. But people don’t vote for excitement. This isn’t the bachelor. 

Let’s stop expecting the election to look like a reality show, and be happy and excited to have reasonable people in office. 

I get it Bernie is an incredible man. I wish he was president.  But we can’t hold our leaders up to that level and be bitter if they’re not.  He’s a once in a lifetime candidate, and there are elections every four years.  You gotta make your expectations more reasonable.  I’m also really sad we missed out on Bernie. But Bernies excellence doesn’t diminish Biden as a good candidate. It’s a missed opportunity, but now we move on. 

And not to mention that we should be as ecstatic to get Trump out of office as much as the soldiers were when they heard WWII ended.  None of those soldiers thought, gee, I’m really sad about who they got to replace Hitler. 

We need focus, our country is literally tearing itself apart, and we need to close the gaping wound.  The brand of gauze at this point is to me a trivial sticking point. You people are certainly something. Also calling me a fake insult doesn’t hurt my feelings like the real one seems to hurt you folk The differences could not be more clear. Straight from the Biden Bro’s mouth. A very good speech by Joe Biden. As I say in a lot of my posts: PLEASE DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU READ ONLINE!! I am a Biden supporter and I've never heard of Biden Bros I have heard of The Bernie Bros and I ask all of you/them and all of my liberal friends to please come and help us defeat the demonic entity in the White House. We need all Democrats weather liberal or moderate we need all disenfranchised Republicans and all independents to come together to get this thing done and to get IT out of the White House. Just by seeing how this demonic entity is handling the coronavirus and the killing of George Floyd by gassing Americans and peaceful protesters just for a fucking photo up should be enough to get US ALL together and say enough is enough it is time for IT to go!! I'm not providing a solution, just telling you to stop being rude and ignorant.

I 100 percent acknowledge your point, but if you think that every single Bernie supporter is going to support Biden then you're unbelievably naive. And now you're beating a dead horse by reviving fake and false monikers for fringe supporters who you couldn't count on anyway?? I will never understand this obsession with the term No, Biden is the worst candidate that we could have run. But he’s got we got now so it is him or Trump. 

Trump won in 2016 by running to the left of Hillary Clinton. Watch trump do the same thing to Biden in 2020. No one was gonna run to the left of Bernie Sanders. Any sane Bernie bros will show up and gladly vote for Biden or just blue down the line. Exactly. Let’s not pretend that Biden is somehow wonderful. He’s not. He is the lesser of two evils. But he is a lesser evil. Great leader? Yeah okay. Could I please see that “empirical” review? Could be interesting to read Oh don't worry, the fascists will still stage sham elections for quite some time. St John's Church no less

It's one of the most important churches for presidents and their history. It wasn't a random church that he picked out. It's where Lincoln used to pray a lot during the Civil War.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._John%27s_Episcopal_Church,_Lafayette_Square An empirical review of online responses and comments revealed that Bernie supporters are actually more mellow and soft-spoken than those of other candidates. Next. Oh, okay then ehat is his handling of it? I haven't seen anything about it. Wait why are saying that black voters and people of the Latino community can't be bro's? Anyone can be a bro white or black ans bro-terminology despite its origanal conception of male can be used liberly to describe any gender. Anyone making even the slightest effort should be seeing these crowds and riots have a whole lot of white people in them, this is clearly not just a black thing...

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=znMCGKdaV2I&t=206s See what I mean. You've been convinced you have no choice. The country will be taken over by conservatives if you don't vote for Joe. This is the same idea Trump and the republicans are selling but about democrats. You do have a choice. You always have. Well done. I think the one thing Joe Biden has more than any candidate in recent memory is empathy and compassion. It’s very refreshing right now Took a break from work and listened for a few minutes. What a breath of fresh air to hear a sane politician speak rationality and compassionately. As a retired union firefighter, I'm extremely annoyed that half or more of my colleagues voted for tRump.. most Cops are Con Party voters.. heck, a lot of most union's members vote for those who are trying to destroy their union.. If only Biden could form a competent sentence... I hope 5 months from now people do not forget the mess we have right now in the WH You should post this in r/politics and the other Bernie subs Well, he’s not wrong. By referring to supporters of Bernie's campaign as 'Bros' you are erasing the views of his female supporters and dismissing his popular support among latino and young black voters. Brother. What would make you think I watch any of that shit. Or commercial TV? I’ve been a registered Democrat for 30 years. 2016 would maybe tell you not to get cocky and consider. Strategy that can win elections. Right now, that means behaving as a president-in-waiting and providing the visibility of leadership. Simply voting blue and imagining everything the people are fighting for will happen is worse than Trump. Kick out all the neoliberals. End corporate influence on the government. Just voting blue won't do. Biden wasn’t my first choice, but he’s what we’ve got, and we absolutely CANNOT have the orange idiot for another four years. And maybe Biden will be better than I think he will, I’d love him to prove me wrong and be awesome instead of just OK. It’s crazy because I don’t know a single one of those millions. Lol. I don't *owe* you shit, I treat you with respect and kindness, you do the same to me. That's equality and that is my role to play. Accelerationism on your terms only just creates a counterveiling wave of hatred.

Integration takes time and effort, requires recognition and open discussion. By closing off the discussion and saying that I am your enemy simply because I am not like you ONLY hurts your own cause. So reading the comments, I get there is still a lot of divide between Biden and Bernie supporters and my opinion on who should be running I’ll keep to myself for this post. But my fellow Americans we are stuck in a time of multiple crisis with leaders who... well there are just so many things one can say about the incompetence of those running our country straight into the ground. 
Here is the thing, Biden has the Democratic nominee (like it or not) and Cheetos King has the republican nominee, as much as we need a third party, this election, voting third party is literally going to keep that blight on humanity in office. 
So there are your choices...Pretty darn simple at this point. JS Worst part is no centrist democrat is likely to change any of the systemic problems that lead to Trump. Remember that it was under Obama that the American right wing transformed from the crazy aunt you could forgive into a rage of uncontrolled mass delusion. Social media is going nowhere. And Biden, who will obviously be a vast improvement, will ignore their cries for help. Demented Hillary and Alzheimer Joe are actually what Trump supporters have been saying. 

Further, Biden was among my last choices. I haven’t even had my primary yet but I don’t have a choice, I need to vote D down the line to save the country. Please stop projecting onto me while you spread propaganda. You are literally ignoring uncomfortable truths. This is why you are the same as conservatives supporting Trump. Nothing he can do will turn you away from him because you have been convinced that the alternative is our downfall. This is literally the same thing Trump has done with his followers. How can you not see that? Last night was scary and the whole thing with the church was downright sacrilegious. I'm not the most religious person out there but even that moment touched me in a scary way that was hard to describe. We are in scary days indeed https://magpiebrule.ca/2020/06/02/through-the-red-white-blue-looking-glass/ I would never assume they all are, I also call women bernie bros. I think of it as someone who is Bernie or bust and thinks trump is equal to Biden. We’re not talking about all of his supporters, and it’s not a slur. That’s absolute nonsense. That’s like people who say karen is a slur. People were mocking him for being hidden in the bunker. This was to show how strong he is, by showing that eh could walk across the white house whenever he wanted to. I mean this is the same guy who said this about the Tiananmen square massacre:

>"When the students poured into Tiananmen Square, the Chinese government almost blew it. Then they were vicious, they were horrible, but they put it down with strength," Trump replied. "That shows you the power of strength. Our country is right now perceived as weak...as being spit on by the rest of the world." 1. He should not have disbanded the pandemic response team that Obama created.

2. He should have listened to the experts and intelligence reports instead of Fox News. 

3. He should not have claimed the virus was a hoax. Also still working towards M4A and GND I’ll keep saying this: That powdery orange tough guy pout under the poof of gossamer hair nest, the shoe lift induced belly-forward lean with arm dangling, the soft baby hand gripping and unfamiliar object like a respirator at an unboxing. What an aborted adult; a  doomed lonely stupid scrotal sack stuffed with lying, sentient cockroaches squirming in pus and pre-cum and who happens to be the godlike hero to the broken-inside 42% of this shallow, bullshit country. Bernie bro is a slur. Please stop assuming everyone who supported him was a male or one of those college 'bro' types. So to you everyone who supported Bernie but not Biden is a "Bernie bro"?

Bernie Supporters are a broad coalition of people from both sides of the aisle, all ages, creeds, races etc. You're extremely presumptuous if you think a republican who supports Bernie's agenda is going to vote for a status quo, uninspiring, do-nothing democrat...

He's very lucky to get 80 percent (by your statistic). You need a reality check Those with primaries today please vote for Bernie!!!! He still can influence the democratic platform the more delegates he gets. And psssst...Biden hasn't gotten enough delegates to clinch the nomination yet. Just sayin'. Great, take that and win with it without Bernie supporters then. If you can't, then maybe listen to what they have to say in terms of how to get their vote. Beyond that, if you want them to get excited, ask them how that can be achieved.

  
You're asking the people swallowing the bitter pill to look out to the people and smile after. The LEAST you can do is not be a dick about doing so, and be understanding if the smile part isn't going to happen. He probably imagines that his "Christian" base will like it. Not sure they will, though. Why do you sound like a forwarded message from my Grandpa about Biden rather than Trump? 

Grandpa? Vote blue. Get Trump out of the White House. It is imperative. You are literally pushing propaganda. I have That’s crazy cause that’s where the Democratic Party is heading Never getting elected again your party is the slimiest most corrupt party and you have reddit Twitter and about 10 news stations all pumping out propaganda right before an election I really hope people see through this bullshit You should do some research on Biden’s crime bill and how it was eviscerated in the contract on America before posting. The same 20% who said they don’t plan to vote for Biden... They all pushed a smear against Biden for months until it utterly fell apart at their feet. Stop pretending these toxic people don’t make the largest impression on the internet. Twenty percent? Don't make me laugh. Maybe whining about fake shit that's in the past that makes Bernie supporter allies mad isn't good for your candidate?? Just voted for Bernie in the Primary today, next up is Biden in the general. No, I think you just decided not to read the comment... I didn’t edit anything. 

Stop pearl clutching. Bernie bro’s represent the worst of Bernie’s supporters. Not all of them. It’s always been the fringe 20% or so of his supporters base. People who worked for Bernie still actively rally against Biden all over Twitter. To pretend it’s not a thing is destructive. I sincerely hope Biden does something to raise enthusiasm himself. I’m a strong bernie supporter and I have serious reservations about Biden but I also feel there’s no choice. I will vote for him without hesitation and will encourage everyone I know to do the same. We can talk about the future of democrats and the left later.

The first thing we must do is GET RID OF TRUMP. And was then denounced by the leader of that cathedral So your solution is to come into a thread where the talk is of unity and to provide divisive talk? I’m sorry but Bernie Bro’s are actually a thing. Look at Briahna Joy Gray as an example. There are many people in this country that that don’t want to vote for Biden because he isn’t Bernie. To say that isn’t the case is disingenuous. Updating your comment to be more divisive and critical, eh?

Literally have no idea what you're talking about. The media and uninformed people are pushing this narrative that the most fringe and radical supporters of a candidate represent their main base, and that is frankly irresponsible, disrespectful and not helping Biden win the election. Matt Gaetz is a congressman not a senator but otherwise looks good! Fuck you he won't do what you tell him.

Get it.

No one wants to play your games  NewYorkJewbag.  Go watch Tomi Lorwhoeverthefuck you take orders from on Fox. I have no reason to vote for Biden except to stop Trump. And I’m going to do just that. Happily. I wasn't stating a fact. It's just my opinion. I'm glad you found some humor in it. I'm pretty sure it was because of Xi Jinping mocking him for being a bunker bitch. Hasn't he been hiding away due to the sexual assault allegations? I really would of rather had any of the other democrat nominees than Biden. Antithetical to Jesus. There is a word for that... I still don’t understand why this photo-op is helpful to him. What is the message he was going for? Don't forget [The Trump Prophecy](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Trump_Prophecy) and [QAnon](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theatlantic.com/amp/article/610567/) and [The Power Worshipers](https://www.bloomsbury.com/us/the-power-worshippers-9781635573459/) as well as C-Street, The Family, and in general, those that fervently believe in The Rapture like Pompeo an Pence. The broad umbrella is Christian Nationalism which is comprised of neo-Confederate groups, Ku Klux Klan groups, racist skinheads and other sharing white supremacist beliefs. (See https://www.counterpunch.org/2020/03/27/gods-vengeance-the-christian-right-and-the-coronavirus/) *none exist FTFY No. One exists, one doesn’t. We never threatened not to vote for the nominee. We never constantly berate members of the democratic party and other candidates. We don’t take advantages of crises to try to push our agenda. We are not the same. Now you know how we feel Let’s not lift Biden up to be a new standard. And let’s not pretend he’s something he’s not. He helped start this shit with the crime bill in 1994. I’m going to vote for Biden but don’t ask me to be happy about it What a sad pathetic excuse of a human being Stop trying to make Biden Bro’s a thing... It's not that he used the bible as a prop. It's that he used armed military police to attack and disperse a totally peaceful protest, just so he could show his religious ignorance by standing in front of a boarded up church and hold up a bible upside down.  Think about what he did yesterday;  he ordered the US military to attack a peaceful protest, while claiming to be on the side of peaceful protestors.  If he can use our own military to police us, this is truly no longer a democracy.  So, very much so NOT a non story. Blue no matter who rings true! This is not the election too stray and vote 3rd party or not vote at all! Trump has got to go! THANK YOU! If we don't take this shit seriously, we may not have a 2024 election. Bernie supporter here, we have to get rid of the megalomaniac and if voting for Joe will save America I'm all in. Still think we need to move to the left to cure the inequalities of our nation. The status quo won't do that! Yeah Bernie bro here, I love the guy and don't particularly love biden but that's my opinion. I've come to realize it would do more harm to not vote. Voting for biden has become a moral responsibility and I'm sure he can bring things back from the dumpster fire we are leaving him in November You just know, if you look in his prop bible, he crossed out Jesus’ name and replaced it with Trump, because no foreigner is gonna “out class” him! 

Fuck Trump! He doesn’t need to grasp people by the pussy anymore, he is the pussy. He’s in the same pose as Hitler used. I think Hitler’s book was Mein Kampf. But it must be a racist dog whistle to his base. Disgusting! I think your right Facts don’t support you though


No, 95% of conservatives dont give a shit


90% of conservatives approve of trump, a racist and corrupt piece of shit.


Go tell your friends first before you come here pretending the problem is someone else.


It’s YOU. On the flip side of that, think of how bad it's going to be when he loses. Dude is already sowing doubt in the election results. 2020 is going to cap with a pretty ugly scene either way. Even if Biden would make an awful president is there really a choice anymore anyway? What do people want an old senile creep in Biden or the literal reincarnation of Hitler in Trump. It would be nice to have more choices but there arent any. Ill take an old creep over a facist dictator. There is a book called The Harbinger that is a right wing nut job prophecy: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Harbinger_(novel) Which makes it even more pathetic because he needed the military and federal agents to tear gas and flash bang a bunch of innocent civilians to get said photo-op.

SAD. It’s really too bad the poor guy has lapses resembling early onset Alzheimer’s. What’s even more discouraging is the powers that be will never let a solid candidate (with the exception of his advanced age) like Bernie run, or a super intelligent and progressive candidate like Yang gain enough momentum to run. Until the Democrats stop putting their weakest candidate forward because it’s “their turn” they’re destined to lose. What happened to Bernie in 2016 when he was obviously the stronger candidate and had so much fervor and grassroots support behind his campaign was a tragedy. But demented Hillary was still shoved down our throats asks look what happened, we paid for it. Granted Biden probably is the lesser of two evils this time around, but still another weak candidate set forth by his party because it’s his turn. Biden has so many holes in his game that I fear he’s going to get trampled by Trump once again. It’s sad really that the people can never have the candidate that would best suite the office, the one this once great country sorely needs. Ah the bunker bitch came out to do photos to send to his cult. Bunker bitch back in his safe house away from them “people” and fake news outside his bunker. Biden sure seemed to excite all the people who voted for him in the primary It always blows my mind that a Bernie supporter would actually not vote against trump. But alas, they are out there. We're gonna need a bigger tent soon I mean, this could be the *last* election so...might as well vote to save democracy! Every single Evangelical Christian is totally fine with this. Tear gas, concussion grenades, pepper spray, rubber bullets, batons. FTFY. At last, someone with common sense. Bernie will always be in our hearts and he will influence a Biden administration, so go vote people I get what you’re saying, but I also think it’s the responsibility of the candidate to creat excitement. At this point, I don’t know how hard Biden actually has to work for the vote. Trump is imploding. Biden just needs to stay out of the way and avoid any scandals or misspeaks. Just Martha trying to paint Kelly as a Muslim lover 
Again? She is a snake like trump. I was watching it live yesterday here in Portugal, i didn't sleep all night. It felt unreal, I'm speechless. I was Buttigieg to Biden but if Bernie has gotten the nod, you bet your sweet ass I’d be voting for him and trying to convince others why they should too. Thank you, friend. I posted the same thing above but I'll say this... I do like Biden. I worked extremely hard for Bernie, and Biden was literally my last choice. That being said, I plan on RUNNING to the polls to vote for Biden on election day. It's a really easy decision. Agreed ‘Shoot em in the leg instead of the heart’ is not a great leader.  Sorry.  This astroturfing post isn’t going to work. Is Canada taking applications cause I’m with you.  At this rate there will be nothing left of “America” by November.  I hope he is taken out in cuffs. Sure hope the Biden Bros can stop disrespecting Bernie Supporters and perpetuating myths Well no shit? What would the alternative be? Voting for anyone else would be a vote for four more years of the destruction of America. They didn't all use law enforcement to fucking throw the church's own fucking personnel out of the church to use the building as a prop

Fucking bOtH sIdEs bullshit I took the Warren to Sanders to Biden route. Can't say I've really been disappointed with any of them. Glad he's stepping up and hopefully that will continue to impress on the skeptics. I guess all the bunker boy comments finally got to him, and he had to go out and assure his base he isn't the weakest President ever to disgrace the office. We’ll take it however we can get it. Show me a public cry. I literally can't find one But as we're already seeing, they can refuse to report the data. Normal behavior for the anti-christ. Tom Cotton and Josh Hawley are both going to be running for 2024, and they combine Trump's authoritarianism, white nationalism, and populism all in a package of not being a totally fucking moron. Awkward. > Well let me clear this up. I meant you can delete your FaceBook account. It's hard to stir up people that aren't actively consuming content. Nope, just hydroxychloroquine and disinfectant. Well let me clear this up. I meant you can delete your FaceBook account. It's hard to stir up people that aren't actively consuming content. Piss off If I can't get Bernie, I'll vote for Trump again just to destroy this country. If I can't get what I want then I'll do my part to burn this country down. 

&#x200B;

Just kidding. That's ridiculous. he’s literally helping free rioters "My vote is precious, and I'm not going to just give it to any candidate."

Vote however you see fit.  Just realize a revolution is coming, and it's not the one you're hoping for.  I'd also keep in mind that 4 more years of Trump means 4 more years of them entrenching young conservatives on the courts that will strike down every bit of legislation that would help for a generation to come. Blame those one percenters for the tear gas. Just there to cause mayhem. Dude. I meant his handling of the riots/protest/craziness. Not one photo op. Way to have tunnel vision I'd switch the order myself, Biden being preferable to Sanders.  But both are an order of magnitude of orders of magnitude better than Trump. He ordered state officials to do something? JFC this guy is totally off the rails Yup, really doesn't do much to help enthusiasm to trash your candidate.  Attitudes are infectious.  Model the attitude that will achieve the best results.

Biden is a good candidate. We say that now, but I have this sinking feeling the next Republican president will be worse than Trump.  Think someone just as evil, but actually smart.

Guess we need to do our best to make sure a Republican never gets elected again. Nothing false about them being friends of Biden.
KKK and Neo Nazis all they are mentioned for is to pump up some anti Trump narrative. 
KKK has something like 300 members not even relevant. Fellow Bernie supporter, I don't think much of Biden, and find the DNC's handling of the last 2 elections to be quite troubling...enough to really want to be a disrupter rather than a supporter...

...but if he were just facing a bad Republican, that would be one thing. A gas lighter who literally can't operate within basic truth, gets advice from the worst, more off rail advisors, and who keeps blatantly taking aim at all kinds of human rights...just to name a few disqualifying traits...sorry, that's gotta go. Lol they are really downvoting you for this! insanity I'm sorry, but any Bernie supporters that won't vote for Biden in November simply does not understand how bad things are in the country. If you're not willing to vote for Biden because he's not Bernie, you are being incredibly selfish, short sighted, and wilfully ignorant. 

This is Trump on his good behavior right now. He's up for reelection this year. If he doesn't win, there's a very good chance he's going to be arrested and sent to prison. If he wins, he has nothing left to lose and things will get even worse. The republican party has all but given up on enforcing the checks and balances system on him because he's making them richer. 

If you don't vote for Biden because you're trying to prove a point or are doing a protest vote for a third party, if trump gets elected, it's your fault I am honestly having a difficult time even considering voting for Biden. I'm sure as hell not voting for Trump but I feel like the democratic party and the DNC are trying their hardest to repeat 2016. I have absolutely no faith in Bidens ability to win the election. 

The democratic party has been so deaf to the large majority of us Bernie supporters I feel like my vote for them would just be taken advantage of. I very reluctantly voted for Hillary in 2016 and was obviously disappointed with the results, especially that Hillary was even put up for nomination. 

My position for the election is that I won't be surprised if either party wins, I'll just be more disappointed if it's Trump. But honestly, other than reading blood boiling news about the retards in chief daily, the president's actions barely affect my day to day life. I'm just embarrassed to be a citizen when our leaders are pure garbage in -> pure garbage out. 

Idk, maybe by November I'll change my mind but I'm currently not looking forward to any of this. He was for me. There was obviously no body that theses corrupt af GOPers were more afraid of for whatever reason. In my mind the only goal has ever been to end the mad clowns rule. I think Biden is not what we need right now.  He was second to last on my list in the primary, after Bloomberg.  Yes, I would vote for Marrianne Williamson or Tom Steyer over Biden.  

But Voting for Biden is harm reduction, and I am not so far up my own ass that I won't make the tiny effort to curb the dumpster fire in the white house. Ham fisted.  A most obvious and blatant ploy, but the evangelicals will eat it up. Favor to ask! When you are posting, maybe just stop at saying he wasn’t your first choice? Lots of people said “I don’t like Hillary but I’m voting for her” and as time went on, that ended up just getting distilled into “I just don’t like Hillary.” That kind of language has an effect and the more you say it, the more it hardens. Not so much for you, but the people who read your posts. Thanks in advance and welcome aboard! Thank you! This couldn’t come at a more important time! That was one of the dumbest things I have ever watched.  It’s right up there with that idiot Devin Nunes’ “midnight ride”. Meanwhile, Joe Biden was actually IN a church yesterday speaking with black community leaders. Why we support Jews? You sound like an antisemite. Bernie is done....shut up about Bernie Oh ponte de lima is a lovely place to be. I usually spend a few weeks there every summer, do some nice barbecues with my friends and all! America must also be an amazing place to be, I'm not a city creature but some of your natural reserves just look out of this world. Best wishes for all of you, I hope America goes through this. I’m with you. Shoot them in the leg...guy. ugh "us guys"? another example of what an inept leader and person he is. Yo be kind guys. I voted trump 2016 mainly because the Clinton's I'm sorry but her only real campaign point was look I'm a woman and Obama likes me. Trump at the time seemed like he wanted to help and honestly the job market come 2017 was going great so I thought "ight bet I made a good choice." Now I'd like to apologize I'm still a Republican I still believe in keeping the government out my business no hand outs (I donated my stimulus check, used my son's to buy him toys) but as of this election I gotta vote dem. Biden seems alright alil weird with the way he talks but eh. This whole bs with calling in military and trying to make him self seem like a god (that photo OP seemed alil to N. Korean to me) he needs to go. Come on guys a lot of us Republican bois and girls are with you but you have to quit lumping us all together thinking we are all crazy ass racists. It's a small minority that's making all of us look bad same for y'all we see that all dems ain't crazy ass hippie dippie screamers. I'm afraid it's slowly catching up to us, there is a newly formed party called (enough/chega), that's just reached the third place in the polls (6%) and they're preaching the same ideals as Trump. Let's hope it doesn't go any further. I don't know for certain but I believe the lights always stay on and that the turning off of the lights here was to make it easier to defend incase protestors tried to enter. Ok. Put those words he said in Trumps mouth. Objectively, what would be your response? I’m voting for Biden simply to get Trump out of office. I don’t care if Biden takes a nap for his entire presidency as long as mad king trump it out. This was like the 20th lynching (public execution of PoC, perpetuated, endorsed or tolerant by state officials) in recent memory, and he blames people protesting racism for it. Idk the state of the union is worrying. Every dollar donated to Democrats is a dollar wasted. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but the Democratic party is filled to the brim with enablers and "let's work with Trump-ers". This guy Obama seems to have some good ideas, shame he's just some Ivy League professor or something, and has never been in a position to make meaningful change :( I think that all my dead and murdered trans siblings would disagree with you, if they were alive to do it. Broken promises are a lot better than fulfilled threats. I assumed he meant delete FB and you assumed he meant murder. Well, maybe heretics I gotta say, who cares, though? I don’t like Trump, but literally every single president in the entire history of the USA has used religion as a prop. Non story. > because I really do believe the large majority of people already know and believe black lives matter. 

Many people do not. Eg, the guy who thought it witty to say "all lives matter" and shot a protestor with a hunting bow.

BLM and the groups do in fact have goals, do in fact push policy, and have been credited for laws passed in multiple states. You can't expect the protest chants to be fully cited essays, especially when "let him breathe" is already succinct at demonstrating an issue with police department policy. I’m spreading the word to anyone who will listen that we should each of us calling for Trump to resign. Our country can’t afford to have him in that office any longer. Let’s get rid of him and then resoundingly beat Pence and the stragglers this fall. But let’s put out the dumpster fire first. Systemic, decades long, institutional racism. Will Donald Antoinette tell us we can eat cake? Serious question. What act of leadership lead you to to this opinion?  May help your point by explaining what moment inspired you. For now they are definitely heading to DC to make him feel safe. Well it looks like now we are protesting the extremely over the top and unnecessarily violent reprisals from law enforcement and over the top rhetoric by the president saying he wants to use the military to "Take care of it". that simple exchange was darkly humorous Is it really that powerful to you to simply see him talking to a few black people? That's not how equality/equity works.

We as individuals don't owe you anything, but we as a society can do better. Attacking people who want to help you and ostracizing people is exactly how you get the divisiveness America is currently stuck in.

I am a straight white man who supports LGBT rights, racial and gender equality, and plenty of other things. Just because I don't live your life, doesn't mean I don't care, and it's incredibly backwards to write off people just because "we don't understand". I'm a liberal and I am not *hiding* anything. Turnip > Trump Can you show us where with a link or something perhaps? I'm seriously soul searching for some leadership right now and not finding anything. I feel like we are lost Apparently he was the first choice of millions, considering he's winning the vote by a wide margin. Evil Word. Same. Are you trolling because you can google: Senator calls for Trump to resign, Democrat calls for Trump to resign etc.

Many Democrats are on record calling for him to resign many times in the past, but he is not going to.  Words are not magic.  People don't just want a meaningless soundbite right now, the Democrats impeached him and now they are focused on removing him via the ballot box.

His party will do nothing to pressure him to resign.  His party is blocking action in congress.  This is why we have elections, for exactly this purpose.  It is up to the voters to vote him out it is literally the ONLY WAY now. I notice most supporters are now holding back the bragging. Protesting abuse of power by the police. The low standards, quality of judgement, militarization and lack of punishment ruin lives all the time and these uniforms just get away with it.

Don’t get me wrong, there are bad protesters. People who just wanna break shit and be trouble. But there are also peaceful protesters being hurt unjustly. If a few bad protesters ruin the movement, why don’t a few bad police ruin the system? There’s also no way this administration is going to make things more just for the people. Trump is incapable of bringing the nation together, only making matters worse.

It started with George Floyd, but the horrible response that we’ve seen has only escalated the issue. If we saw police oversight legislation, strong leadership, and positive examples from the police, the riots would have passed I'm waiting for my deeply Republican dad to post something from his favorite right wing propaganda arguing some bullshit that makes this ok but I too am completely drawing a blank on why anyone could possibly think this is ok. Let’s hope it’s enough. Everything. It’s not normal behavior. Does anyone out there think this is normal or productive in any way? It’s like Trump wants to make it worse. I agree. Is there anyone out there that thought this was anything less than insane? How could anyone pull the lever for this kind of instability? Is there anyone that thinks this is normal behavior? That doesn’t make any sense. But some people can’t help being stupid. I think they want all four cops arrested and charged. Oscar’s for best actor goes to Donald j trump . Instead of bringing reforms for police brutality against citizen. Or passing and executive order  to bring systemic change. He is provoking his base to riots by doing this . By saying looting starts shooting starts . By saying vicious dogs . This president has brought the standards of USA presidency all time low . He clearly doesn’t care or understand leadership. He is just Racist , he will do anything to win at cost of people’s life and well being . WAKE UP AMERICA VOTE HIM OUT OF OFFICE. We cannot afford to have another 4 years of this man . Question, do they turn off the lights every night or was this really a deliberately timed message? I believe people grossly underestimate the impact of cannabis prohibition on the general trends of erosion of civil liberties, escalation of police power, militarization of police, and the myriad problems associated with criminal justice and jail conditions.

Not merely the "war on drugs". That is a farce. The war on drugs for decades has made its core focus on marijuana. The pot leaf was made the very symbol of drug prohibition. The public, and industry, were conscripted into this debacle, and drug testing became ubiquitous in the workplace, the only drug that can be reliably tested for in a subject who has any length of advance notice being marijuana.

The whole structure of policing from top to bottom has been invented around drug prohibition, and marijuana is the reason drug prohibition can be made to reach the mammoth scale it has done.

And there are people reading this who have been conditioned to dismiss these comments entirely. Which is part of the propaganda campaign that has kept cannabis prohibition at the forefront of the law enforcement for as long as anyone alive can remember. 

We allowed this country to redefine due process and the concept of unlawful search and seizure as part of a desperate and persistent campaign of marijuana prohibition.

Somehow, people who don't believe cannabis is important, don't understand the harm that has been done to their own constitutional rights in the monumentally foolish effort of prohibition. 

And it's only been in the last hot minute that marijuana could even be *discussed* publicly in any context whatsoever. Advocating legalization was political suicide, and at the national level, remains so. 

Legalizing marijuana doesn't roll back a century of steady development of the engine of prohibition, but taking away the root cause and insisting that it not be replaced with something else, is the only hope we have of ever restoring civil liberties and sanity to this nation.

Unfortunately, it's on the back of these effects that a despot like Donald Trump was allowed to emerge. If the past three generations hadn't insisted on surrendering their constitutional rights in the interest of prohibition, we might be able to exercise them now. We had 51% last time. Let's go for way more. I understand what you mean. I'm still fluctuating. Yeah this will surely calm people down.

Great work chief! People can't change? I didn't know that he did that at some point but I don't like calling someone a violent criminal for something they did a long time ago if that person changed a became a better person. Was Biden’s anyone’s first choice ?  Seriously wtf.  Defiantly voting for Biden and donating. But wtf? He's on the ropes but the next move he's threatened is going to make Kent State look like something from Mayberry.

Is the demonstration in DC prepared to take casualties or has the sacrifice thus far been for nothing? Your in for a penny, *call his bluff*. 

Make him take some action that nobody can even ironically claim is in violation of no criminal statute. The only reason he's still in office is because he has arguably done nothing that's specifically forbidden by any particular criminal law.

Keep him on the ropes until he is desperate enough to do something that even his enablers in the Senate must agree is a crime with a statute someone can cite. 

Then you have an impeachment that can prevail.

Now the question: Is ordering the regular army to open fire against civilians actually a crime with a statute describing it? I'm a Bernie supporter as well and honestly this election might even be more important than 2016, I don't want the US to become an authoritarian dictatorship. We successfully impeached him, and he evaded conviction because the Senate ruled that the President is above the law, beyond suspicion, and cannot be investigated.

That ended the Republic and placed us under a new totalitarian state. 

We are somewhere between surrendering to a coup and literal revolution. I just used Jew in a sentence.  I must be a nazi. But not, say, Cubans?

I live in CA. My vote is meaningless either way. Your implying that I’m out of line in even lightly criticizing his diction suggests that dog whistles are never worth calling out. Unless they are, but only why you deem them worthy. 

So which is it? 

When are dog whistles... dog whistles? Yeah I look around wondering who is a piece of shit and who isnt. Yet when that argument is used to justify universal healthcare publications like NYT scoff. Unless I was a child and legally obligated, that would be my last contact with him, close family member or not. This is abuse, and you have a duty to yourself to exit an abusive relationship. Ugh as am i..... Wow.  When did I do all that? What's my favourite color? I know. Now you accuse me of being “iamverysmart” or something similarly lazy. 

Look, I get it. You don’t think his comment deserved any sideways glances. It was entirely incapable of being anything but lazy prose to you. 

But if he had said “thug” and a black dude was like “ehhhh” would you similarly say “come on it’s a perfectly cromulent word here!” As well? There is no such thing as "Antifa". Yikes. Why did they go to a shithole country like this instead of going someplace relatively safe like North Korea or Qatar? What's wrong with Muslim women, again? He's bluffing and he knows it's safe. The demonstrations are waning, the rioting is losing fuel, the leadership of the movement is exhausted, incarcerated, and will soon succumb to Covid-19 symptoms. This is Trump's idea of claiming victory while distracting everyone to his chosen outrage. He has given no such military order and he won't. But the suggestion that he could is driving the kind of instant feedback that political campaigns pay tens of millions of dollars and spend months acquiring. Yes of course I am listening and do not disagree it is wrong. I just disagree with the methods of coming to a solution. I would argue 95% or higher of conservatives aren’t racist and agree black lives matter. I just don’t think any of this is going to help and would argue it’s just making the political divide even worse. While peaceful protest draws attention to the problem, it’s obviously clear we are all aware of it, so where’s the solution going to come from.

I did see a suggestion in this thread about making internal police affairs public so bad cops are weeded our, which is an idea I liked. So maybe protest for that instead of just the broad term black lives matter, because I really do believe the large majority of people already know and believe black lives matter. To Trump's cult, Episcopalians are basically Satanists anyway. It’s clearly not that my ability to comprehend is limited, so let’s keep out the childish insults shall we? I dare say my comprehension is above average. Come now. You can manage more inspired obloquies than that, surely. 

However, I also have a lot of experience with comments like that being coy swipes at Jews en toto rather than, say, Israel. 

Never mind that he didn’t point out that Cuban population which is larger and more frequently courted by candidates looking for swing voters in Florida. It’s solely “the Jews.” Or working class voters in MI, MN, WI. Nope. The Jews. 

Forgive my perhaps quick jump to assuming the worst, but years of watching even liberals go from “I don’t really hate Jews, just Israel,” to “but the Jews have undue influence really” has acclimated me a fair bit. Maybe I simply, I dunno, have a different experience set than you leading me to different schemas in how I process these things?

So no, not a lack of comprehension— again, I’m quite good at that thank you very much— but a plethora of experience that leads me to look at comments like the original one askance. 

Or maybe I’m just an absolute complete buffoon (despite clear erudition). Let’s go with the most prosaic option. The murder conviction rates for them is why people have such little faith in the system.

I mean, are you even listening to what people are saying? This happened a month ago in Dallas and it flew under the radar :/
It’s not letting me post the link but look up Dallas police suffocation. Man called cops for something with his schizophrenia and they knelt on his back while he screamed you’re going to kill me until he died.

Both cases are fucking awful and these police should be held accountable. I’ve just felt as this whole thing is creating an even larger problem with no clear goal.

Edit: By no clear goal I mean things like this are never going to stop. People have been murdered unjustly since the beginning of time and I unfortunately don’t think it’s ever going to stop. Some people are just horrible hateful people and that will always be true unfortunately. I personally think so as of now. If I’m not mistaken he was charged with 3rd degree murder awaiting further trial. I think it’s very possible it could be 2nd or even 1st degree, but that’s what the further trial will be for. Of course he would say something to protect murderers who wear a police uniform. I will definitely be voting Biden, because the results from 2016 showed me not to waste votes on the popular vote, because boomers are  fucked up. Thank you for actually offering a solution to this problem. I lot of my problems with this whole protest is no clear goal. Making these internal affairs less private really does seem like a good solution and I can’t believe this is the first I’m hearing of it. With all this hatred and violence actual solutions get lost sometimes so thanks for answering my question. Trump won't leave office after losing in a landslide, will claim voter fraud and rile up his base to commit violence before and after the election. It wouldn't surprise me if 1 million of Trump's brownshirts (like those who post on T\_D) with guns will be on the streets committing violence left and right and repeatedly clash with pro-democracy protesters in a futile attempt to install Trump as a dictator. In the worst case, we may have a low level violent right-wing insurgency for years. We need a plan for that. Dear Dr. Redfield,

We write to express significant concern regarding the recent decline in routine childhood immunization rates in the United States during the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, and urge you to take immediate action to encourage and support routine pediatric immunizations through the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic.

According to recent data published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), a decline in provider orders for non-influenza childhood vaccines, and measles-containing vaccines including the measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) vaccine, began one week after President Trump declared a national emergency on March 13, 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. [1] In May, the Michigan Care Improvement Registry found a drastic decrease in vaccination rates among children across nearly every age group. The percentage of children five months and younger who remain up-to-date on recommended vaccines declined from 67.9 percent in 2019, to 49.7 percent in May 2020.[2] The New York City health department reported a 63 percent drop in the number of vaccine doses administered to children between March 23 and May 9, including a 91 percent drop for children ages 2 and above.[3]

The administration of routine pediatric immunizations remains critical throughout the duration of this public health emergency. The decline in immunizations is largely attributable to efforts by families to adhere to social distancing guidelines to reduce both their exposure to, and the spread of COVID-19. But if this trend of decreased immunization rates among children continues, the United States could face yet another public health crisis: increased risk of outbreaks of vaccine-preventable diseases. Such outbreaks would put lives at risk, and place additional stress on our health care system and public health infrastructure at a time when these systems are struggling to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic.

To avoid this potential crisis, we urge the CDC to immediately develop an action plan that incorporates targeted public outreach and education efforts on addressing vaccine hesitancy and emphasizing the importance of pediatric immunizations; resources for communities that have seen reductions in their immunization rates since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic; and guidance for parents and families on how to safely access pediatric immunizations during the COVID-19 pandemic, including best practices regarding personal protective equipment (PPE) use and other precautions to limit the risk of exposure to COVID-19 in health care settings; and necessary efforts to ensure rapid catch-up for children who are not up to date on critical pediatric vaccines.

In addition to developing the plans described above, we request that you respond to the following questions no later than July 1, 2020 to help us better understand how the federal government is working to address the alarming drop in pediatric immunization rates: 


1.   What specific steps is CDC taking to reverse the dramatic drop in vaccinations since mid-March? 


a.   How does CDC plan to capture accurate real-time data on pediatric immunization rates and identify potential solutions, particularly in vulnerable communities? 


2.   What outreach and education efforts are underway at CDC to address fears among parents and families related to bringing children into health care settings during the COVID-19 crisis? 


a.   Is CDC planning a public information campaign to address vaccine hesitancy, and if so, how will CDC ensure that the necessary communication on the importance of routine immunizations is reaching parents and families?


b.   How will CDC ensure that families receive guidance on safe access to care for children during the COVID-19 pandemic, including the appropriate use of PPE? 


c.    How will CDC communicate with health care workers, and provide the necessary tools to inform communities about the importance of receiving pediatric immunizations during the COVID-19 pandemic?


d     What guidance is CDC providing to pediatricians and other health care workers on procedures to ensure that they can safely provide and promote routine pediatric immunizations?


e.    Given the significant increase in unemployment due to COVID-19, many families are finding themselves uninsured. How will CDC raise awareness of the Vaccines for Children (VFC) program to ensure that families know their children can still access routine immunizations, and how does CDC plan to support participating VFC providers as they work to catch up VFC-eligible children on missed vaccinations, while also preparing for the upcoming flu season?


3.   How will CDC monitor the ongoing availability and ordering of pediatric immunizations, including doses and other essential medical devices, PPE, and other supplies needed to store, transport and administer vaccines, and what plans are in place to address any supply chain disruptions? 


a.   Is CDC taking steps now to ensure that the availability of pediatric immunizations, and necessary medical devices and supplies, is not impacted when production and domestic distribution of a COVID-19 vaccine is underway?


4.   Has CDC developed or reviewed modeling or projections that predict the potential impact on future vaccine-preventable outbreaks if the current pediatric immunization rate continues throughout the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic? 


5.   Does CDC require additional resources from Congress in order to support efforts to reverse the decline in pediatric immunizations? If so, what level of funding would be sufficient? 


We appreciate your timely response and look forward to working with you on this critical issue. I'm aware of how some people use the word Jew.  That does not and  should not make it a verboten word.  He made a valid comment.  You don't get to redefine it based on your limited comprehension abilities. Because its not just one bad cop or one incident this is decades of police violence against marginalized groups with no accountability. How many cops kill a man and walk or get fired and moved to a new precinct, it needs to stop. We need to make internal affairs less private and more publicly known root out the bad cops from the system. 1, 4 cops were involved in the death of George Floyd. Only one has been arrested and the charge is weak. Cops in Twin cities, not all are bad but we have a real race problem. There are ongoing peaceful protests world wide now, all denouncing the outrageous way black men and women are treated, how much inequality they face, systemic racism, etc. 
2, these protests have been co-opted by people just looking to harm, destroy communities and terrorize people. Just an hour ago someone placed flammables and accelerant in the basement of an apartment building in Minneapolis. Neighbors smelled, called cops, etc. everyone ok, but this is nightly, all night long. Nails on bikes paths. Cars lit on fire. We have a curfew and national guard on the ground. If you need groceries you have to hit suburbs. A lot is closed/boarded up. All buses stopped. No trains for days. It is, in a lot of ways, a war zone
3, the president of the United States just threatened military force for those that oppose fascism. He is starting a civil war over this. We have a constitutional protected right to peacefully assemble and voice our outrage of police murders. 
What can we do? Call your senators and politely ask them to grow a spine, quickly. We need elected officials to stand up to this mad king George wannabe. Some people say “vote” but I’m not sure we’re going to make it that long. That police be held accountable when they obviously cross the line. This is not an isolated incident. Could you imagine this happening to a white person who just went into a deli and bought a sandwich? There are obvious problems in some police departments. Most cops are cool. But there must be an effort to stop the ones who are not. This man is an American treasure. This actually only hurt him. Didn’t make sense to anyone but him. Someone is trying to save their ass.

No way LAPD should have lost control the way they did.

54% of the city budget goes to the LAPD. Was justice served? That’s a reasonable answer. I personally have no problem with protesters whatsoever and support the freedom of speech. Not trying to be insensitive but what is it that they are protesting for now? Like what do they suggest be done? People in the usa are this fucking stupid?  Ya, it's about abortion. It's called the fucking Bible belt people really this fucking clueless It doesn't even make any sense.  If George Floyd hadn't been murdered by the MSP police there would not have been protests. >lurking

>brigaders Scumbag In response to what? The looters and thugs are not the protesters. They are opportunists. They are not going to help. They only hurt the cause. These are two different groups of people. Bullshit,  Soon to be ex-chief moore is a f-ing idiot! My crackpot, 100% specialtive, totally unfounded theory: 

*There is more to the counterfeiting story.*

Lost in the noise is the detail that Floyd was originally brought to the attention of the police for a counterfeit bill. Nobody makes just one counterfeit bill. There is a counterfeiting operation in Minneapolis.

Now what if there is more to the connections? The police who responded to this call happen to be involved in that counterfeiting operation. And by murdering Floyd, the witness has been silenced who could have connected those dots. The cops honestly and genuinely believed they would get away with this. It's quite an uncanny outcome that the murder was caught on video and that it was consequential. Whatever consequences the police officers expected from their extrajudicial killing, that was preferable to being connected to a counterfeiting operation.

Usually when a perp ends up in the morgue the cops get a paid vacation. These cops certainly didn't expect the country to be burned down because of them.

It would explain why the cops feared something more than the optics of murder.

Could there be something *much* bigger than what appears to be face value in this case? How big is the coincidence that Chauvin knew Floyd, and just happened to be the cop who responded to this particular call? Minneapolis isn't that small a town. 

Where is the bill, and just how much effort has gone into investigating its source? Is the Secret Service taking it seriously? 

Am I completely insane for wondering if there might be a lot more to this story? People frequently use “the Jews” as a dog whistle. 

He clarified his case. But I still think his statement was quite clumsy at first. 100% agreed And all you do is bitch about the guy who is promising to do just that. We have had enough of you here. Go be a republican or something. Yes it is a rebuke and you're wrong.  Own your own brain ffs. His words dont convey what you claim.  Almost the opposite in fact. You're correct kfh.  Some people are having reading comprehension issues and are blaming you for it. I don't want to get married, therefore Marriage Equality™ doesn't benefit me. The only ones who wanted to get married were conservative homonornative, cisgender gay men (and quite a few lesbians, too.) "I want to get married legally!" wasn't exactly a priority item on the trans agenda, okay?

I wanted - and still want - comprehensive legal protections (employment, credit, housing, legal recognition, etc.), but there was never any real political will for that. (Again, it's helpful to refer to how trans people have been treated during the Gay Liberation era. It hasn't changed much.)

Just give us what we want and help us keep it - as far as I can tell you, the trans community wasn't asking *that much* from you in the first place!

P.S.: I am a historically aware 38 year old - I don't have to be old to know what to be angry about. And a lot of those dollars are Republican dollars from fed up Republicans I bet. I never said that. 

I said that writers are responsible for the impact of their words. That’s okay! 

How many times at work have you rethought an email to managers or even coworkers? Communication is a skill. 

I’m not silencing you. I’m lightly criticizing your diction. It’s not even a rebuke. Ok, I'll not talk then. Enjoy your life and learn nothing. I don’t know what the hell is going on in Texas for you but clearly it isn’t working for you. I’m not familiar with any local laws or things that impacted the Houston LGBT community and maybe where this problem stems from. I live in a more liberal northern state and, to me, I don’t know that that is happening here. Maybe try going to another state? Would Austin be any better? Biden is the democratic trump, but hey a democratic trump is better than a normal trump. You are either old, therefore how have I failed you (i’m somewhat young). Or young, and we’re around the same age, so once again how have I failed you. 

What do you mean you can’t get married? Why not? I honestly don’t know and now trying to learn but you’re being pretty hostile to someone in the internet that hasn’t wronged you. You are isolating yourself outside of the lgbt community, I haven’t  done that. Maybe others have, but I haven’t. 

You say the LGBT community has failed you/forgotten about you after marriage equality. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but the LGBT community as a whole isn’t doing too hot since 2015 due to the president. We got a quick feel good moment and then this guy came in. Have “we” forgotten you? Or are we simply pre-occupied with all the things trump is trying to strip away from the lgbt community? 


And just to add, I’ve said and meant LGBT community a lot. I didn’t say gay or lesbian community. I don’t understand how you think legislation that helps the LG community doesnt also help the T community. What specific actions are needed to help the T community that the LG community isn’t working towards? I'm sure most of us Bernie supporters will vote for Biden. Is he our preferred candidate? No. Do we even like him? Not really. But holy shit Trump has gotten so bad it's not even good for the memes anymore. Hey, Biden wasn’t my first choice either, but I’m with you. ❤️ The oath requires them to take up arms against domestic enemies. 

There is no Republic.

There is no legitimate government, no rule of law, and the military is in the service of a despot. Well, Biden was probably one of my less favorite primary runners but he’s certainly an improvement on the current occupant so here goes my vote. Gonna be ready for the 2024 primary after Biden wins this year though. Will this guy still have a job by the end of the week? Looks like he knew how bad he stepped in it as soon as the words left his mouth. I will reluctantly fall in line, again... We cannot continue with a president who gasses peaceful protesters for a bible humping photo op. I'd be saying the same thing if it was a conservative protest. Abuse of power in the most petty way possible. I originally supported Bernie and hoped he got the nomination but I will definitely be voting Biden come November. Lurking brigaders and trolls. Meh, it's a bluff. He's given no such order. So who has a match? Can we get that thing lit or what are we waiting for? I wonder if this has anything to do with defunding schools and paying teachers 12,000 a year less than a McDonald's manager? I'm sure Zuckerberg's private security is even better than the Secret Service though. The writer is responsible for what his words convey and imply. There’s shared responsibility. You know what the thing is? So many self-identified "allies" promise us so many things - it has become my fierce opinion that the trans community has gotten used to living off *promises* and *hope* and whatever crumbs and leftovers the liberals *might* feel are politically palatable to "give" to us.

Funny how that wasn't the case with Marriage Equality™ - if I remember my recent history correctly (which I'm fairly sure I do), the gay and lesbian communities *promised* the rest of us that they'd help us out with getting equality and/or equity once Marriage Equality™ became legal.

I remember reading about what happened after the courts finally let the L and G folks get married - they shut down their political organizations that they set up to lobby for this, the money spigots that funded them, and pretty much took their ball and went home.

You got Marriage Equality™, and we got... nothing.

For a more recent example, I live in Houston, and I was here for the whole Equal Rights Ordinance debacle in 2015. I can tell you, from live experience on the ground, that it wasn't the conservatives that threw trans folk under the bus - we already knew what their plan was and how they were going to present the inclusion of trans people (Their plan worked so well that it has been used again and again.)

It was our supposed liberal *friends* who threw us under the bus! Turns out that defending trans folk from transphobic attacks wasn't a successful fund-raising tactic, so instead, they just... sat on their laurels and treated it as their standard fund-raising/lobbying operation.

Trans people in Houston had legal equity for all of 4 months (if that) because we were deemed too politically expensive to defend.

I haven't even gone into the 60-some-odd years that the "LGBT community" has tried to minimize and shut out trans people!

There is history to support my perspective on this! There is evidence!

You need to show us why trans people - hell, why *I* - should trust you, because as far as I am concerned, you don't *deserve* my trust.

You've failed us far too many times, and it's not "on accident" after the first time. Implications are your thoughts not mine. We will always support Isreal. Nothing will change. It's an wsay way to get pro Isreal people. No different than pro lifers.

Your just a tool to see what lobbyists give money to house and senate members. So why are you attacking me? Hate? 

Do you see what’s happening? OH GOSH GOLLY GEE! A... A... A WHOLE BUNCH?! NOOOOOOOO! WHATEVER WILL WE DO, WALLY?! Nah—get the fuck outta here, bro. But it’s super cute that you think you have any remote semblance of authority to decide of your own accord what is and isn’t hyperbole. Super cute. Also, I give not one goddamn shit about your opinion. Yes. And implications matter too. Sure. But saying “why we support Jews” is a super clumsy way of putting this. 

Jews are more than FL.

I’m well aware of the Jewish population in FL. I have some snowbird family myself. How can you equate grenade launchers and tanks, with a civilian AR15? I sense a lot of hate in your heart. Florida is a swing state.  It is the reason both support support Jews AND Isreal.  Go take a look at FLorida some time.  Alot of jews live there and it's a swing state.  There is a reason the USA support Isreal and IT IS NOT YOU!

&#x200B;

Sound wierd?  Go look up the by county data. You mean the same ones NOT protecting businesses, homes, civilians, etc When did I say I have anything against Jews?  read what I said.  why are people so afraid to interpret English these days?  WORDS HAVE MEANING! I'm angry and sad, and terrified... Mostly the last one. I'll do my best. :D Yup me too lol---no walking into the buzzsaw, we need your comments on the politics wall Sounds like you have some shitty friends. 

Those things are wrong. You should be able to exist in public spaces, have protections at work, and not get harassed to death. I’m really surprised you feel your friends don’t support you and that they are Democrats. Seems off to me and that they aren’t really your friends. I know that it may be a tough conversation and I don’t know much about the trans experience, but I would befriend a trans person who shared similar interests as me. And I really don’t think Democrats as a whole hate trans people. Or do these things to trans people. If they were present when these things happen to you, I would expect a Democratic to speak up for you “what would you do” style. 

I still think Biden is the way forward at this point in time. And as soon as trump is gone, we can turn up the heat and keep Biden accountable. If not, as an lgbt person, I would still prefer to have Biden as president for the next four years and go back to the way things were instead of 2016 instead of trump. Greetings from a Portuguese-American! My family lives in Ponte de Lima and Vila Verde. I’m trying everything I can to get rid of him, and if not I’m going back to the homeland. Woo Hoo for Saturday! Moments later:

* https://i.imgur.com/GueSIXp.png Heyyy the countdown starts only a few more days and then the ban will be off

Thank you Backpack for the well wishes, I am begining to think we need to really build up r/dems just not sure how, will try and post content daily I'm certain there were American flags there so: when fascism comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross.


That's where we're at. And in only 3.5 years. Congrats GOP, you beat Hitler's record. Well maybe your supporters are just dumber than his. As a Jew myself I’m curious too. 

I’m betting it’s one of those “I don’t hate Jews. Just Israel. But Jews all support Israel so fuck Jews” things. Disingenuous because you presented objectively dissimilar scenarios to what Biden said, and you are saying they are the same.  Most people can tell the difference.  You claim you cannot, which seems hard to believe, but maybe I was giving you too much credit earlier. Happy Cake Day! :D Biden will gain some ground the next few months albeit slowly.  Luckily we get to replace one asshole with another - yet a lesser asshole. A nobody voter that can read the Biden platform...?

And speak for myself?

Edit: As in Joe isn't taking anyone's guns away? 

Trying to reach across the aisle here, friend. :D Do you not realize just how much of what I can or cannot do in daily life (like, you know, exist in public space, or work, or shop, or not get harassed to death by some jerk) depends *entirely* on people being "forced to be comfortable with" me? And that you, in fact, really don't understand the implications of what you've just said?

I am basically being asked to nod, and smile, and pretend that the building isn't burning down while my so-called *friends* all but sign my execution order.

Gee whiz golly, it's sure a great time to be alive! 🤮 How do you propose we use the 2nd ammendment to rectify the situation? Where do things go from there? Yea, it was already listed above, I wasn’t gonna rehash. I’m saying vote for Biden solely on pre-trump experiences. Me too. NOTHING/NO ONE could be worse than Trump. Not sure what the 2nd ammendment has to do with this. Ok, you've got a gun. Then what? What's the winning scenario here? Joe is promising far more things for the trans community than any elected official ever has. Yes. You can’t force people “to be comfortable with you”. And honestly, if you’re like this on the internet, I can’t imagine I would be comfortable with you in person. I’m gay and I don’t know any trans people. I “know of” some at work at other locations through an internal LGBT employee group, but other than that, don’t know anything about the trans experience. But what you’re doing IS making me uncomfortable. I want to learn, but if I met you in person, I would be too afraid to say the wrong thing, so I would likely say nothing.

Tensions  are really high right now, and I’m sure being trans makes this whole situation hurt twice as bad. You’re mad. You have a right to be. I sincerely hope you have a better day tomorrow and for many tomorrows more because I know you’re hurting. 

If you are honestly going to not vote this election, you are not doing yourself or the queer community any good. Because of our previous administration (not solely) I was able to get married. I never thought that would happen as a child. January ~20,2021, we will put pressure on Biden or whoever is in the office to deliver. But it’s important we stay united on this side. We can’t do another 4 years of Trump. I would go back to 2015 any day when it comes to lgbt rights. 


Trans rights aren’t quite on par with gay rights just yet (and I honestly don’t know what more trans people want or expect, I’m still learning). Many people are still there ready to fight with you if you give them a chance. Disingenuous to latch onto to trump or harts comments but not Biden’s? I.... just don’t believe our government should be so vested federally, it really doesn’t serve the people like state and locals, who unfortunately are strong armed by the federal government in the way of funding.  People should support themselves locally and if we are buying into this craziness of preferential treatment, we’ll then we’re screwed She's so articulate and on point. The second was intended to allow an armed populace as a replacement for a massive standing army and police state. You know, the exact army and police state currently being unleashed on Americans.


Oops. They are currently drooling at the prospect of being able to murder looters (ideally black ones). The trans community (and by extension, other trans people, and myself) aren't here to do "favors" for any of *you*. That is not the way this works!

*You're* the ones making our lives into mincemeat. It's *you* that owes *us*. It sounds like people have more of a problem with you. You do trans people no favors. Who TF is down voting this. I live my life *every day* as a trans woman of color - and let me tell you that the liberals who are supposed to be my *friends* are just as uncomfortable with trans folk as the conservatives are! The only difference is the liberals hide their lies better!

I will accede to my experiences over Joe Biden's "promises" - which he will break if doing so gets him what he wants. He will not be the first nor the last to sell the LGBTQ community on "promises".

*You* STFU. I will sadly be voting Biden as well even though I don't agree with 60-70 percent of what he's done in the past as a senator or a VP. You are full of shit. And we aren't buying any of it. Look what Trump has done to the LGBTQ community. He has attacked it and its people. He has banned Trans from serving in the military. He is taking away coverage of health care for transition cost. He is making it okay for us to get fired solely because we are gay.

Now look what Joe Biden plans to do when elected. 

#JOE BIDENS PR0MISES TO THE LGBTQ+ COMMUNITY:

•	Protect LGBTQ+ people from discrimination and violence

•	Support LGBTQ+ youth

•	Expand access to high-quality health care for LGBTQ+ individuals

•	Ensure fair treatment of LGBTQ+ individuals in the criminal justice system

•	Advance global LGBTQ+ rights and development

•	Enactment of the Equality Act during his first 100 days as President a top legislative priority

•	Take executive action to immediately reverse the discriminatory actions of the Trump-Pence Administration

•	Empower federal agencies champion equality

•	Appoint federal officials & judges representing diversity of the American people, including LGBTQ+

•	Ensure federal agencies are committed to fully enforcing civil rights laws for LGBTQ+

•	Protect LGBTQ+ individuals from employment discrimination

•	Reaffirm Title VII of Civil Rights Act prohibiting employment discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender revoked by Trump

•	Support transgender and non-binary people in the workforce

•	Stop employment discrimination in the federal government

•	Treat LGBTQ+ service members and veterans with the respect that they deserve

•	Reverse the transgender military ban

•	Reverse Dept. of Defense policies perpetuating discrimination against people with HIV

•	Repeal rule allowing discrimination in  adoption and foster care agencies

•	Reinstate protections for LGBTQ+ people experiencing homelessness

•	Champion passage of Ruthie and Connie LGBT Elder Americans Act to ensure non-discriminatory treatment of LGBTQ+ older Americans

•	Affirm one’s gender marker and expand access to accurate identification documents

•	Ensure blood donation procedures are based on science

•	Ensure young LGBTQ+ people are supported and protected in schools and colleges

•	Guarantee transgender students have access to facilities based on gender identity

•	Protect LGBTQ+ students from sexual assault, harassment, and bullying

•	Establish the Tyler Clementi Higher Education Anti-Harassment Act, which establishes grant program to support campus anti-harassment programs

•	Reinstate the Obama-Biden guidance requiring federally funded schools to prohibit harassment on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity

•	Support passage of the Safe Schools Improvement Act, requiring school districts to develop bullying and harassment policies

•	End school discipline policies that disproportionately impact LGBTQ+ students

•	Work to end suicide among young LGBTQ+ individuals

•	Reinstating DACA (currently 75,000 Dreamers identify as LGBTQ)

•	Enforce and strengthen Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act which expand hate crimes laws to include crimes based on sexual orientation

•	Ensure coverage for health comprehensive care including care related to transitioning,  HIV treatment and prevention

•	REPEAL HIV Discrimination Act

•	Ban conversion therapy

•	Restore federal funding for Planned Parenthood

•	Expand mental health and suicide prevention services for LGBTQ+

•	Ensure fair treatment of LGBTQ+ in the criminal justice system

•	Collect data necessary to fully support the LGBTQ+ community

•	Ensure questions about sexual orientation and gender identity are included in national surveys and data collection efforts

•	Combat sexual orientation and gender identity biases

•	Enact legislation  like the GLOBE Act currently before the House which permanently make upholding LGBTQ+ rights a priority of the foreign policy


------------------

Now look what he has already done:

#JOE BIDEN’S RECORD ON LGBTQ+ ISSUES:

•	Supporting the Freedom to Marry. On historic interview on “Meet the Press,” Biden became the highest-ranking American official to support marriage equality when he declared that love is love. Three years later in 2015, the Supreme Court agreed and ruled in the landmark case Obergefell v. Hodges that the freedom to marry is a fundamental right

•	Passing The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act, historic legislation expanding hate crimes law to include crimes based on one’s actual or perceived gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability

•	Repealing Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell. Steered the Obama-Biden Administration’s repeal of the discriminatory policy to allow gay, lesbian, and bisexual members of the armed services

•	Championing LGBTQ Protections in the 2013 Violence Against Women Act Re-Authorization

•	Championed equality and inclusion for LGBTQ+ youth

•	Defending Equal Benefits to Same-Sex Couples

•	Voted against constitutional amendment defining marriage as between one man and one woman

•	Original co-sponsor of  “Employment Non-Discrimination Act” prohibiting bias and discrimination based on sexual orientation in employment

•	Launched First Comprehensive National HIV/AIDS Strategy

•	Early Support for HIV/AIDS Resources. Biden has long fought for access to treatment for people with HIV/AIDS. Dating back to 1987, he voted to authorize critical funding for medication that prolonged life for people with AIDS

•	Cosponsored the Ryan White Comprehensive AIDS Resources Emergency (CARE) Act, providing life-saving treatment and care to low-income,  poor, and uninsured people living with HIV

•	Sponsored reauthorization of the Global AIDS program (PEPFAR), which significantly expanded the funding and targets for treatment, care, and prevention of HIV/AIDS and repealed statutory ban on visas for people who were HIV-positive

---------

>**“No one should be fired, denied a home or access to services because of who they are or who they love.”**
      ***Joe Biden, May 17, 2019***

--------

*[more info here]( https://joebiden.com/lgbtq/)*


Tell me which one is on the LGBTQ community's  side. (if you actually belong to it)

In the mean time, STFU. No❤️ Naaayce! I would like it stated for the record that, as a trans woman of color, I am sick and tired of being forced to vote for The Lesser Evil™, *specially* keeping in mind that I know that everyone is desperate to get back to "normal" - and that the "normal" (circa 2015 or so) that all of you are so desperately after wasn't a safe place for people of color, or queer and trans folk anymore than 2021 will be. I want a seat at the table as much - if not more - than many of you, but what's the point if the meal being served is bird crap with bird crap sauce?

I think I'll be sitting this one out, unless it's a revolution you're really after. So what are they doing about this oppression by the state?

Where is the NRA? Where are the militia??? I’m still angry Considering the alternative is a guy who gassed protesters to clear the way to a cathedral for him to take a photo OP with a bible... I sure hope the Bernie bros can cast a vote for Biden. Only Republicans are enabling both mass murder and corruption like trump Yup This mess didn’t happen because of any gun law or lack thereof. What would happen to armed protesters against DC police and the US military?

You are just trying to focus on something other than your horrible party who got us to this point. Who are you to say who represents what? 🤔 The electoral college messes everything up.


Look what happened to Hillary Clinton. She won the popularity vote by almost 3 million votes. 


Donald Trump won the election because the Electoral College put him through. 


The Electoral College voted on who they wanted to put through, not who the states voted for. 


They're trying to change that in the Supreme Court right now.


What this means? 


The Electoral College will have to vote for who their state voted for. Not their personal preference. That is going to change the scope of elections significantly.

The electoral college messes everything up.


Look what happened to Hillary Clinton. She won the popularity vote by almost 3 million votes. 


Donald Trump won the election because the Electoral College put him through. 


The Electoral College voted on who they wanted to put through, not who the states voted for. 


They're trying to change that in the Supreme Court right now.


What this means? 


The Electoral College will have to vote for who their state voted for. Not their personal preference. That is going to change the scope of elections significantly.


Supreme Court appears poised to let states keep 'faithless electors' out of the Electoral College


https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/13/politics/electoral-college-faithless-electors-supreme-court/index.html OP needs to pay attention.. I have a few friends over there. In NC and CA. I started being angry, but now it's just... sad. I agree, we need to erase this stain from our history. Or at least- force the GOP to come to terms with the crazy cult if personality they created. Concur kinda.  If we get rid of it though, politicans will just adjust their strategies from winning electoral colleges to winning individuals.  It's just trading shit for shit in this country.  Folorida, won't matter ... whoopdie doooooo.

I'm more of a fan of taking florida an splitting the state's electoral college 50/50.  But to gain postively or negatively, you need to use 45 and 55 as the new zero.  And no winner take all shit. All show for votes, wonder what Blacks for Trump think. Ding ding ding I donated for the first time in my life a few days ago and did it again today. Every time I see Trump is reconfirms that I need to go all in with this election. It’s going to be an interesting next few weeks. Be careful with that shit because you will get a knock on your door by the Feds. And if your abroad you’ll be put on a list. Just warning you. Imagine being here. Imagine thinking that your republic is ending and you have to maintain civility with friends and co-worker who are cheering along it's demise. Can't even go out for bread and circuses to take our minds off things. You got it. From the USA, we're trying our damnedest. Let's hope we can hold out until he's voted out of office in November.

And for the love of God, don't make our mistakes. Vote against your far-right demagogues. Even if it means voting for someone who deleted their emails. He did his time and by all accounts had turned his life around. Was mentoring younger men to make better choices and condemning gun violence. Some people are capable of change and growth as human beings, it is pretty shitty of you to to throw his past into it like that. No one here will ban guns, my friend. That cat is out of the bag. 

Why do you think the founding fathers put the 2nd into the constitution?

Edit: And yes, I am totally trying to convince you we are not all far liberal lefties salivating over taking your firearms away. This is a High School Civics question. I thank you. I think if there’s going to be any bans on guns they should apply to everyone in the exact same way, like if civilians aren’t allowed something neither are the cops or military, the military should only be allowed those weapons over seas and on designated training grounds too, I have no problem with guns being banned, nor do I have a problem with no guns being regulated or banned, but I do have a problem with the government and their employees getting exempt from it, it’s spitting in the face of the second amendment when they do that. Don’t forget the fucktarded electoral college Don't listen to that, said commenter does not represent the Biden platform.

Or mine, for the matter. "Kroll, who has appeared at a campaign rally with Donald Trump and praised him as a “wonderful president” for his support of the police, has long had run-ins with politicians seeking to reform policing in Minneapolis.

In 2007, Kroll called then congressman and now Minnesota attorney general, Keith Ellison – who is Muslim and black – a terrorist because he pushed for reform of the police."

Right here is your problem. Hey, OP and fellow American.

I love guns. I love the range, I love hunting respectfully for the prey, and I received my responsible gun training from a police officer on said range.

I'm also a Dem voter!

They are not mutually exclusive. 

Dems are as a party about responsible ownership, responsible training, and making it harder for people to have grenade launchers, tanks, and most commonly AR15s. 

No one needs that stuff unless you're in the military.

What do you think, fellow voter? Glad to hear you're ridin'! That’s true, but literally everyone should be for the 2nd amendment, I hate that it was taken and twisted in a way that people believe it only benefits republicans, it benefits everyone. Lmao what? What’s on my mind is why no one is using the 2nd amendment, it’s a perfect time to, except the people that are for the 2nd amendment are also on Trumps side and the people against it are on the other side, how tf am I a coward? You really love insulting people with different political views huh? Awesome. This is music to my ears. You let me know if you have ever have any questions and be sure to tell me if anyone ever makes you feel unwelcome. We value your opinions and your support. :D Fuck him Racism at an all time high??? Don't you think that's a bit of a reach? Me too, I am seriously trying to talk my family into liquidating our assets and getting the h311 out of this looney toon country. People like you got us to this point. Wow that’s what is on your mind?

Not why your party is shit?


You are a prime example of a coward Republican. Right on bro! ❤❤ I'm a lifelong Dem and I've always had guns, and I always will. Not all Dems are dismissive of the right to keep and bear arms. Kinda like how not all Republicans are bigots You too.


They used tear gas on peaceful demonstrations here yesterday because it was 7:30 and I guess they wanted the crowds dispersed.


We have curfews now.🙏 The military is being called in to murder unarmed protesters and press.


You think if they had guns that would calm things down? That is an option. You should get out and explore the world little bit gain some perspective POTUS is their hero. Yea people on youtube say a lot of shit. Many of them are paid shills. They do not represent us.

The limitations I mentioned above are the official stance of the Biden campaign. Do not let anyone tell you he is anti-second amendment and neither is the democratic party.

Here is the Biden campaign's official stance on gun control if you want to see the more detailed version. 

* https://joebiden.com/gunsafety/

You have come here to tell us your views. I only ask you to hear ours, without all the rhetoric. We owe each other that much. It’s a false, dishonest narrative. But let me ask...who do the KKK and Neo Nazis embrace today? Oh yeah...the Tweeting Cheeto. You sound kinda crazy. Please show me proof. Well I’d imagine plenty of them are police boot lickers and Trump worshippers so they’d be on the opposite side of things, what I’m saying is that y’all liberals should be taking advantage of that amendment too instead of trying to take it away, it’s literally there so the people can defend themselves against a tyrannical government but people have painted it to be bad, the 2nd amendment is for everyone, it’s like the one thing we have that let’s us oppose the government Yes this is the worst part. He is telling Americans they do not have a constitutional right to protest. Which is against the law. There are peaceful protesters and than there are rioters Trump can’t figure out the difference when it’s POC involved They swore an oath. They could honorably refuse these orders. No, you might not want to take it away, that doesn’t mean that no one wants it abolished, I see plenty of young people on twitter tweeting shit like “the 2nd amendment was made by white guys like 300 years ago, can we get rid of it already?” There are plenty of people who want to completely get rid of it, and I’m 100% okay with the banning of automatic military style weapons and other things, but if that’s going to happen it better be for the WHOLE country, not just civilians, cops should have to walk around with the same weapons we do, as well as the military unless they’re over seas, there should be no exception, the second amendment is to defend ourselves from a tyrannical government, how will we do that if all we have is hunting rifles while the police have AR 15s? No no see he'll only use it against terrorists. Which he will be defining. And martial law will last until he decides it's not necessary. Let’s not get cocky! Just VOTE! PLEASE!! I don't want to see the US turn into an authoritarian dictatorship. We are not taking anyone’s gun away. I plan on buying another gun soon myself. Come join us at r/liberalgunowners What are all you second amendment warriors doing exactly? The military is gearing up. To attack America. 

Stupid Ceasar stumbles towards the Rubicon. Once again, no one is trying to take your guns away.  A nationwide registration, closing gun show loopholes, banning military-style automatic weapons with more than 30 bullet cartridges, keeping guns out of the hands of repeat felons and mentally unstable people, is not banning guns.

No one wants to take the second amendment away. Do you see that now? Maybe they do his bidding as you say. 

Stay safe. And thats how a dictatorship starts. Technically you could win the electoral college with nearly zero votes. If enough of the smallest states decided change their method of allocating electoral votes to a coin flip or another equally dumb method. There is no requirement for how states decide to allocate their votes. The examples you are providing bear no similarity to Biden’s comments.  I think that the fears you are expressing are disingenuous. You are being too kind. That would be an upgrade for him. They don't undertand how we vote fucktards into office.  Then you have to explain the bible belt and all that bullshit and swing states and why we support jews (Florida is a swing state), etc.

And people from outside the USA laugh at us thinking we a re a democracy.

I'm in Connecticut.  Am I close? Maybe this year in the mailbox. Half the people in the USA get it.  Hopefully 51%!

Alot of us see him as an idiot.

Alot of us see him as an idiot and use talking points from Right wing media outlets to convince us that it's OK to vote for him.

The USA is s shit hole and I want to leave. Trump is a disgrace. Watching from Canada it’s like watching a great and powerful ally, implode in to a rubble of dictatorship and divided states Joe Biden talks with and shakes hands with supporters while the demonic stays hidden in the deep dark dungeon. Donald j drumpf just did a photo op in front of a church, for those of you who did not see it he had national guard and police open up a walkway for him so he could walk his bitch ass up in front of the church in DC to look at a Bible. His demonic ass was showing it off to the camera like he does his stupid executive signings looking at it like he's never seen or held such a thing in his life of which is mostly true. When it comes to his administration he's just another phony ass Christian. More like that voters get to decide to vote at all. And we are all biting our nails that the fate of the world is going to be decided by the uninformed American voter. Huh, pretty similar to how it feels from inside, too Oops! I wasn't supposed to mention that? I'm sorry. What a fucking scumbag. HE is the manifestation of the of the inspiration behind this uprising Vice President Biden does not have that attribute. 


President Trump does.


This thread is about President Trump. STFU... Well played, Joe. Well played. Let this ride for a bit and try to avoid microphones for a while >Every ~~democrat~~ person of conscience should delete Facebook permanently.

Especially from a security and privacy standpoint. You know there is a solution. Not to mention Joe Biden's segregationist buddies. Immediately! What a shitty time to be in the military. You sign up to defend your country, but all you end up doing is being a tool for Donnie's nonsense with immigration and protests. It's like watching the beginning of the end of the world. Like, you can see where it's turning to shit, and there's nothing that can be done to stop it. This is literally The Night of the Long Knives - the beggining of the Third Reich era, aka Nazi Germany. No government should be using military against unarmed civilians. That is shit we see in Iran, in North Korea, or in other despotic regimes in the world. If that happens in the US, then burn the flag, torch the White House to the ground, and let the country die because it's all meaningless. Trump has destroyed everything this country once stood for. Please, I know this sounds paradoxical (because, ya know, it should be), but you're only encouraging those remotely within his base to support him more.. as someone who is surrounded by his base I truly appreciate the effort, I just have serious doubts as to the efficacy 😕 Keep him hidden and don't let him talk. We need to remove Trump, and this is the garbage fire we were given. Prop him up! You’re welcome What is it like viewing the USA from across the world? True. But he picks the people that he wants to surround himself with. People to do his bidding. People loyal to him and his ideology. If they are not, he makes sure they are gone like the wind Yes. I feel the same. These people, and I'm sure there are more, did his bidding. But it comes from him.


It comes from the top down. Being most of the convictions were related to his orders and he stands to be convicted as soon as he leaves office, yeah I don't see why not. Goddamn, I miss that man. I think the company he keeps should be judged for being with him. So, if a minority doesn’t vote for Biden, they’re still a minority? I’m not sure how it can be defensible for something like this.  It’s similar to defending trumps “grab em by the p***y statement.  I fear that people are supporting people not really based upon their beliefs, but their party allegiance. Kevin Hart made jokes on twitter when it wasn’t socially unacceptable to do so against gays, only since then has it become an issue.  History is full of context and it has to be considered before you condemn it. I think this poem puts it in a nutshell for me.


If you surround yourself with liars, bad "actors", oligarchs, bullies, people who participate in and celebrate criminal behavior?


Well, it says alot about you. 


A favorite poem from my childhood. 


Judged by the Company One Keeps


One night in late October,


When I was far from sobe

Returning with my load with manly pride,


My poor feet began to stutter,


So I lay down in the gutter,


And a pig came near and lay down by my side;


Then we sang “It’s all fair weather when good fellows get together”,


Till a lady passing by was heard to say:


“You can tell a man who boozes, by the company he chooses”,


And the pig got up and slowly walked away.


Unknown Not anymore. Biden wasn’t actually claiming to be the arbiter of whether people are black, nor did it seem like he was trying to belittle black people.  Kevin Hart made some jokes that were pretty obviously made at the expense of gay people.

The outrage at Biden’s statement had a lot more to do with people’s willingness or even eagerness to ignore the obvious meaning of what Biden was saying - that you would be stupid if you are having trouble deciding between Trump and Biden.  The proverbial chicken sandwich, versus shit sandwich with little pieces of broken glass mixed in. Nobody thinks he could. The fact that he would make that boast is the joke. Sounds right. The proliferation of fake news isn't just a problem on the right.  There are those are the far left willing to push lies and conspiracy theories as well.  It's a dangerous trend.  Nothing good will come of it. Even if he was caught doing violence, it is still no excuse to murder him. I really can’t afford to donate to a campaign as I don’t get consistent pay in my work but after Trumps “speech” tonight, I donated. You need to research the shit show that existed before section 230 existed What is happening in social media is way beyond free speech.  And there’s a lot of foreign interference. I like the idea of news outlets being financially liable for the bullshit their followers perpetuate. From Portugal, please remove that man. This is horrible for the whole world. Didn't hillary have more than a ten point lead at times prior to the 2016 election??

Fuck these polls.

Vote. The far-left hates the Democratic Party just as much as the far-right does. The far-left is more obsessed with hurting the Democratic Party than they are with defending Americans from Trumpism. Hopefully this squalid attempt to defame Joe Biden will finally shine a spotlight on who these cosplay journalists really are: grifters. Every democrat of conscience should delete Facebook permanently. Zuckerberg put Trump in office and has had secret meetings with Trump to assure him they'll do everything possible to keep him in power. Zuckerberg needs to face treason charges when Trump is out. I'd love to see him on a golf cart riding through these neighborhoods.

Cartman is our president. You mean that Rambo photoshop of him wasn't real?  

You mean the guy who said he would have rushed into Parkland without a gun would have ran the other way?

He's not golfing....he's scared shitless and has no idea what to do. More than 10 yrs ago.  Chauvin has been doing violent shit much more recently than that. I could just see Trump saying, "I love the blacks!  Some of my best employees are negroes!" Creating violence in the streets so they can justify cracking down on the citizens and eliminating "undesirable elements" to restore law and order is straight from every authoritarian playbook.

The republicans will recreate fascism if they aren't stopped.

Edit: and Trump's little speech just confirmed it. Those people are for trump by complacency.  Just like the cops that stood there doing nothing while their co-worker murdered someone in front of them are accomplices to murder by abusing their job duties. You gota realize they are just two sides of the same coin and equally as bad it’s like that South Park episode where Obama and McCain were both in on it boom baby! Polls don't mean shit.
Except the one taken on November 3rd. But. He didn’t. Maybe talk to Kevin hart about his desire to change/take back what he said years ago on Twitter He did do a home invasion and held a women at gunpoint in front of her child at one point in time.. he was murdered violently.. but he was also a violent criminal as well Trump will claim that Biden *was* 10 points behind anyway and that the election results are bogus so be prepared for that.

“These vote by mail ballots are fraudulent! The Democrats are stealing the election!” We saw it with Franken as well. Bail is an essential part of criminal law since money is one of the reasons why people are willing to wait to go under a proper criminal procedure. It may not work the best way in the US but it does work in a number of European countries. Fuck this guy. Crazy idea, but we could probably abolish bail while we are at it. I just want to know what is wrong with being anti fascist. I get that that is directly anti trump, but to call it terrorism?  Pretty telling. More importantly a poll came out with Biden up +6 in Michigan. He doesn't understand that he is exactly what is being protested against. You've managed to terrify me more than any horror movie could. Hoping to get some info on the reps calling for his resignation. DONT TRUST THE POLLS! REMEMBER 2016? PLEASE VOTE! Trump: https://www.cnbc.com/2020/06/01/george-floyd-protests-trump-puts-top-us-military-officer-in-charge.html She may be the one. The rioters and the protesters are two different groups.  Arrest the rioter by all means. But allow the protesters to do so in peace. Stop firing at them with tear gas and rubber bullets. That's when it turns into a riot. TIL insurance doesn't exist. Remember nov 2016 and the distortion that could be caused by electoral college system. It is not popular vote based election and Russian government is helping him. 
Don’t be overly confident on this. I've had a modest recurring monthly donation since the 2016 debacle.


I may bump it up a bit. Obligatory and unnecessary: "don't be complacent" and "I hate polls like this. We have to get busy" The only violent thing about Floyd was the way he was murdered >The real question is, will our democratic institutions hold?

And the answer, imo, is only if there are no deaths in the supreme court before January. Even FB employees are walking out. brave move to jump the gates.

well handled by those two protestors and the police. This happened under Obama's administration. This has little to do with the president and more to do with the divides across America in general.

You're a very divided country. Didnt they already try that? like his entire presidency? \#runupthescore You can win the electoral college with less than 20% of the popular vote by targeting all the smallest states. Vote like Biden is one vote behind. Says Trump is a wonderful President is all you need to know. This guy is a pile of shit Because Trump skimmed by with the electoral college last time while losing the popular vote by three million and Trump’s base has not grown. Meanwhile, Biden’s popularity is above HRC’s at this point. There’s going to have to be some heavy cheating by the GOP. Well I don’t remember when burning down businesses and homes was called justice. People worked hard for what they had and then to have it burned to the ground is probably not what I would call respect either. But you know since a couple people started rioting who cares about the law anymore. Cause it’s not like it matters at all if your destroying people’s lives as long as you get what you want in the end right? Why are they so afraid of a fair fight period. Funny how dismissing what gamergaters had to say because of the racism and sexism and biggotry was the other side of the "debate" being unreasonable and looking for any reason not to listen, but a few burnt down stores is cause to dismiss black people demanding to have their human rights respected.

Deny, deflect, project. Cuz they’d rarely win Matt Stoller is a fucking idiot. Ok well you must be really stupid to believe that a 73 year old man could stop a school shooter unarmed in the first place😆. God your ignorance is kinda funny. Bootlicker I'm glad the free world is standing up to the US.


I'm deeply saddened it's necessary.  👍🏼 uh no, Biden is leading in the swing states Hillary lost:  


Florida: +3.5 avg biden

Wisconsin: +2.7 avg biden

Pennsylvania: +6.5avg biden

Michigan: +5.5 avg biden Actual police reform?  Reforms of the laws that make it almost impossible for police officers to be convicted of a crime?  The dissolution of police unions that protect officers who have seriously misused their power from being fired?  This isn’t about one person, it’s never been about one person.  We need reform. Yeah Trump said he would run in unarmed to stop a school shooter. Now he's hiding from a protest. He's a lying wimp. What is your definition of justice? The man responsible for the death of George Floyd is being charged for murder and manslaughter and will likely spend a lot of time in prison. The three officers also there have been fired from their jobs. So what is the type of justice you want? I’m not feeling that 90% chance you speak of...but your dad, don’t bother. Gotta just leave that alone as suggested. I mean, really. If not now, then fucking when? 

Let’s go, America!!! Yeah, no.  We have a few rioters who are taking advantage of the situation to reek havoc, and a lot of peaceful protestors who are demanding justice and trying to enact change. Damn... going from obama to trump is like going from Paul Harvey to Howard stern. I would like a moratorium on all posts about Biden being ahead. If every single one of our blue asses doesn't turn up in November, we are sunk. Don't forget everyone in Wyoming gets 2.4 votes to yours, or something like that. VOTE! Truly r/agedlikemilk FascBook Speaking of kool aid...

https://www.cnbc.com/video/2016/07/21/trump-i-alone-can-fix-the-system.html If you don’t, and the GOPigs win, the fascists will DO EVERYTHING they can to dig it permanently. They’ll have the Supreme Court, the DOJ, the upper hand. If you think this weekend was crazy, this will get progressively worse (the opposite of progressively better) because fascism will be galloping unrestrained. Compared to 2 points two months ago. Holy shit Duly noted, thank you. And yet there are pro BLM protests going on in other countries. Anyone who has the slightest awareness of Biden's political career knows how laughably wrong you are. Unfair to Trump. You know that he has bone spurs. #biden2020 Truer words were never spoken. Come on Democrats. Please break your history of low voter turnout and come out in droves November 2020. How them boots taste? As you know, people aren't marching because of police abusing and killing one person, they are marching to make sure the police do not ever again abuse and kill another person. 

In the past 5 days some police have been abusing people and press on camera and without provocation.

Do you know what the coward Trump could do right now to be the President of the United States?  He could get on national TV and announce he is creating an agency that would investigate and prosecute any and all law enforcement officers and agencies accused of brutality, starting with the Floyd murder.  

He could say, " I hear you, I hear the cries for change and justice.  We will fix this broken system." 

That's what a leader of the Free World would do. Yet again the responsibly falls on the proletariat to help themselves and each other. so close your fucking facebook Great news. I still hope Australia and India are permitted. Alright bud. You keep on doing your stupid ass democratic things👍🏼👍🏼. Might as well just be communist. 538 breaks down the polls according to all adults and likely voters. They are usually within 3 points of each other,  with likely voters a bit higher for Trump than all adults, but disapproval among likely voters 8 to 10 points higher than approval. You are ignorant if you think this is just about George Floyd. His murder was just the straw that broke the camel's back. Yes. Well half of the country is rioting and looting small businesses due to the actions of one man. The actions of a single police officer don’t represent the entirety of the countries system of law enforcement. If people were rioting and yelling and threatening you at your doorstep would you stand outside? Would you take the risk of being shot... because no one knows how many of them could have guns. He is the leader of our country and some people want him dead. Now tell me you wouldn’t hide in a bunker if hundreds of people wanted to kill you and knew where you were at and were willing to act on it. You can’t criticize someone for fearing for their life. Nice video! We must VOTE to make this happen! Believe no polls. And it has to be a landslide so that Trump cannot refuse to leave OUR White House. Remember when Hillary had a 20-point lead. These polls are jokes Biden is a few points behind in the betting markets and I tend to trust those over polls. >But they are correct to call out Trump's hypocrisy.

Truth is truth. He *is* behind. In every state Trump won in 2016. And yet, Trump leads in *every state he won in 2016*. I don't think I can make that many claims in a lifetime, let alone false or correct ones. True, but Trump's approval has been in that ~45% range consistently. I'm not sure if those polls are typically based on likely voters or the general public, though.

Trump won with 63 million votes in 2016. That's less than 20% of the population. I love him too.  He was a perfect match for Obama. When did I claim non stop protests And maybe that puts him in unique position to help the country heal. Canada, UK and EU have already said that they oppose this move to include Russia in the G7. I see no positives in trying to align with Russia, especially if that means we'll go against our traditional allies. Here come the Tweets.. Don't get cocky folks, Trump used the complacency strategy last time too.  Everyone was so sure Hillary wod win they just didn't bother showing, or voted for Jill Stein like I did. You misunderstood him. That is not what he said exactly. You're taking what he said out of context. He was being sarcastic.

What are excuses used by Trump supporters for 200 Alex. Trump's not completely stupid -- he's trying to start a civil war because it's basically his only chance. Barr's going to help him round up his enemies, you just watch. No I remember protests. Not non stop protests like you claim. Which just isn't true. So this has all just popped up in the last 3yrs. Maybe you do need to drink some kool aid then. Don't vote because you like Biden then. Vote to get Trump and his lackies out. No they get training.  A lot actually.  They have entire schools dedicated to it.  

It’s just not appropriate training for community policing, it treats everyone as the enemy.  Like military training. Yeah I think if he were polling at 52% they wouldnt care. > “I’m not a believer in flag-burning,” the president said on the call.  “And I would think that if a state wanted to try to pass a law that  you’re not allowed to burn flags, with a certain punishment -- a strong  punishment -- I would think that the United States government would be  backing you up all the way.” 

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag\_Desecration\_Amendment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_Desecration_Amendment)  


They are trying to revive that shit. I say let em do it but add a provision to enforce the flag code [https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/4/8](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/4/8). We know who loves to wear american flag gear. Came here to say the same thing. These are “Never Trump” Republicans. They still want the policies we stand against, but from a candidate who does it quieter than Trump does. Damn Lib, the last thing we need is more cops going around choking people.  I know how scared you pearl clutchers are of free range blacks so that explains your love for a segregationist. Does everyone forget katrina... when looters were being shot? “ if you loot, we shoot”.  What do you guys think is going to be the end game here.  You think Everyone is just gonna accept the new norm is destroying cities when they want to protest something?  Yes people are eventually going to get shot.  Quit robbing places and burning them down. It’s very simple No that is actually pump and bolt action. Lever is different Candy ass president bone spurs is and always has been a fucking coward. What would that accomplish? Before all this that's all the news would be every day: X Democrat or organization calls for Trump to resign. 

Trump resigning wouldn't fix police brutality. If he resigned Pence would be President anyway. 

Vote them out. YOU have to do that. True. The takeaway for me is that the U.S. has no moral authority on human rights to be effective in leading the world on human rights issues. Awful regimes can call out the U.S. government on human rights without lying about us. That's very bad for us, and the world. They're definitely not trained, at all. But they're certainly armed like they even get the training. I don't remember mass riots and protests in every city for the past 60 years but maybe I just need some of your kool aid to remember. That might be the dumbest shit I’ve ever heard I think he meant to say ahead. He did in fact share a tweet with a video saying that, yes. But you know, he's still alright for another 4 years. And then you numbskulls will call them "unelectable" when they're not Bernie It's not even just republicans. This whole site is full of people who somehow hate Trump but are also fine with him winning because their main guy lost I wish we had a president right now. Instead we have a troll in the office. You mean ahead, right? So glad to have the president's calming and unifying presence during these trying times. Got to keep it up! Have to spot Trump at least 5 points, imo, because of Republican voter supression, fraud, and an unbalanced electoral college. This isn't just about Republicans either, it's other Democrats who are fine with another 4 years of Trump because Bernie lost or because they only agree with 90% of Biden instead of 100% Trump isn't even trying to be a real President, leading the country through a period of building crises. The stupid thing is that in times like this the country yearns to be led. Anyone who even tries gets some benefit of the doubt and receives bipartisan support, like many Governors from both parties currently. Same guy who was in an underground bunker the other night because of DC protests, right? Projection. 

He’s the laughing stock of the world. Wtf is the matter with you? Send what message? That y’all memed instead of voting in the primaries and your guy lost? 

So now it’s “Fuck it, let the right wing destroy the nation, because I’m a petty political tourist!”?

Is that the message? Cause that’s the message I’m receiving. Another poll had Trump within 3 of Biden, so he could very well be a point or two behind given the MoE Honestly I’m not happy until Biden is 90 points behind. I don’t want Biden to just win, I want to send a message. This is absolutely the measured, thoughtful response I’d expect from the President. Couldn't agree more. He appeals only to his base, and his base isn’t big enough to win him an election.  

I can’t figure out his end game, unless he never wanted the job and wants anything in the world but a 2nd term but his diseased brain won’t ever let him quit, so he’s trying to lose, but then he’ll insist it was only because of rampant cheating.  This protects his fragile ego. Oh, they surely will.  Right now, they are busy trying to  get their messaging straight that antifa is the greatest threat to modern democracy and American greatness, and not other things.

I was watching the Sunday news programming and got to watch the Trump administration official simultaneously call out China in regard to their messaging about the American protests while comically trying to defend Russia in the same conversation.  Spoiler alert, They claim China’s meddling is official business, while the Russian messaging is from “a few bad actors”.  It would be funny if it wasn’t so damn sad.

We’ve been through this for four years.  I would be very disappointed if most Americans at this point wouldn’t see through the BS. Projection. Yes. On and off since the 60s. 
This civil unrest every where has been brewing for decades. The thing I find funny about Trump is he’s trying to win re-election right? He says stupid shit like this because it rules up his supporters who were going to vote for him regardless. This rhetoric just turns independent voters that he needs against him. What a complete moron. I can’t wait to help vote him out in November You are right about Trump staying in his bunker. However, a President of the US should be able to heal some of the pain. Staying in your bunker is an admission that you are helpless. I'm not very enthusiastic about voting for Biden (seems like a nice guy just super out of touch) but I will. Same as I did for Hillary. I really wish the Democratic party could come up with better candidates. > 50yrs of democrat mayors

So I guess they’ve had 50 years of riots then? 43% of voters, which are only 40% of the country.  Its a small number if-- if 10% more people voted they would be irrelevant. Run up the score! Vote to humiliate Trump with an epic defeat. Not good enough. Run up the score. Lets beat him by 20 points and humiliate the fuck out of Trump. Trump has it backwards the world laughs at his ineptness and his inability to express sorrow. Watch as Republicans spend the next few months twisting themself into pretzels trying to drum up outrage over Biden's slightest gaffes while simultaneously downplaying their guy's daily twitter shitfits. That lead aint big enough First, you're a terrible reporter. Second, no it's not and i'll tell you right now, i've been getting calls all day telling me things are going great and we're doing a tremendous job. Polls don't matter. Vote Oh Lordy, we can’t do that again. These are dangerous times & I can't help but feel these are very different than in the past. And sadly without any real leadership at the top, things are getting worse. I hope that things don't get worse but this feels different than times like 1968, much more dangerous [https://magpiebrule.ca/2020/06/01/reflections-on-a-dangerous-moment/](https://magpiebrule.ca/2020/06/01/reflections-on-a-dangerous-moment/) Let's wirk harder to a point that Biden be 80%ahead of TRUMP...let's not make same mistake of 2016 We need to vote to give Biden the Senate. We need to not only defeat Trump. We need to defeat Mitch. They did one better, impeached him. But the senate refused to remove. I don’t care. VOTE Also, the pollsters adjusted for groups they missed in 2016. Groups that didn't normally vote that voted for trump. 

Pollsters build polls based on expected voters of past elections. Trump pulled larger parts of groups that didn't normally vote much, like rural conservatives.

But they are included in these polls now as they are voting. I think he’s lost and asking for directions Minneapolis almost 50yrs of democrat mayors. 
Yep let's blame trump. 
Biden 35yrs in the Senate 8yrs vice president. 
Yep let's blame Trump. You can't help the cult. But the cult isn't the majority. It don’t matter if we don’t vote. Vote. Vote. Vote. This is still way to low. Its actually fucking depressing. I'd put money on it that he doesn't leave quietly. In fact, I was sure that he would refuse to leave when he was first elected and the evidence accumulated since then has only confirmed that belief. The real question is, will our democratic institutions hold? "You don't switch quarterbacks..."

"And that's why impeachment is so hard. But he's had four years and his contracts up. Let's trade him for a quarterback that will actually get shit done and won't kill us all in the process, Hmm?" Nah Trump only needs his people to show up in a few states. Its a gamble but I give it a good chance. I won't believe it till I see it. This could be a "peak disapproval" and by November we are at even polling. Anything can happen. 2020 is nuts. For a lot of Americans the sight of riot police killing black people and reporters is a desirable thing. You can't. Those people are lost. I can't think of anything less calming or unifying than a Trump presser during a crises. Only if we vote for him! Go Joe! I've been struggling to understand — when we protest, contact officials, vote and donate, how do we know if it's working? What does change look like? This article says it starts with police no longer being above the law. It looks like getting all of the Derek Chauvins off the street. At least 17 complaints were filed against him before he murdered George Floyd.

1. Remove police who have used excessive force
2. Take disciplinary action for cover-up attempts
3. Charge police for past crimes


Additional policy solutions from Black Lives Matter Campaign Zero [here](https://www.joincampaignzero.org). Just thought I’d remind you guys that Hillary was supposed to have the same sort of lead in the polls I think you should be prosecuted under that law for fomenting dissent against democracy.

&#x200B;

Oh, you wanted to be in charge of where the line was drawn, right? You hate free speech? DUN DUN Came here to agree to the “run up the score” piece.  No shame in in blowing the competition out of the water. The country is doomed. He's a coward.   Plain and simple. Yes!  Yes! Yes! I understand, but this election is so much more important.  How much longer can Ruth B Ginsberg hold up?  This is HUGE!  Also, if this is how Trump is acting during an election year, what can we expect when he doesn’t have to worry about re-election?   Yes I’m very pessimistic, and I think it’s valid. Trump doesn't care about the protests as long as the police cracks heads. Trump is President only to those who voted for him. Polls that lump states together, but don't give a state-by-state breakdown along with them, are basically worthless. Biden could lose the popular vote among all battleground states but still come out ahead with electoral votes. Don’t get complacent is my point. I don’t like reading that Biden is X points ahead of Trump. Hillary was a shoe in to win just weeks away from election night.  We have 5 months to go.!? In my opinion These polls do more harm than good, this far out.  Maybe 2016 still stings for me, but I can’t help but worry some people won’t vote because they think Biden is x points ahead of Trump. All to distract from his inept response to Covid-19. All he has to do is smile and not say anything and he should win. They see him as a victim of these out of control protesters and that he had no hand in stoking the violence. So to his supporters this strengthens their support, they feel under assault and need to rally together. Minneapolis is a great example of that Exactly, it's a long way off and don't forget the hard lesson we learned from resting on Hillary's lead. 

Donate time to the campaign if you can and pressure everyone you know to vote. 

Let's not just win, let's run up the score. Let's work towards a resounding mandate. Well their hero, is hiding under White House bed (probably behind Melania) and blaming Obama. And? Your point is what? Also remember that this year, we have the benefit of hindsight. Which means (1) I think we’re a little less comfortable with the outcome of polls this year (even though the 2018 polling was pretty spot-on) and that means Democrats will get off their butts and go vote and (2) we now have almost 4 years of the Trump Disaster to look back on, whereas in 2016 we had no idea just how bad it was going to get.

Also, the elections in 2017, 2018, and 2019 make me more hopeful, because they showed us that even in non-presidential years, people will crawl through fire to vote for Democrats. Look at Wisconsin’s judicial election a few weeks back. Cops need to walk in their communities and earn the trust of the communities. Op-eds aren’t the issue at all. OP is bringing up the fact that elected Democrats have not been demanding a Trump’s resignation. OP is correct and it’s an excellent question. Oh please! Be real Also note, this was conducted May 25-28, so only 1 day of polling reflects the most current events.

Just to further add to the complacency note, there is an effect that the largest lead polls get posted rather than narrower ones. This is good news no doubt. New YouGov/Yahoo is +8 today (May 29-30), so that is also good news, but RCP average remains +5.9.

Also, given its tiny in the scale of Reddit's political conversation, I'll say worth joining r/joebiden as its nice to have the Biden specific news, and this sub for more downballot. Run. Up. The. Score.

Keep fighting until January 20, 2021. Keep working on non-political friends. Win at the dinner tables and coffee tables. We win when we vote. We win because we have better ideas and an inclusive vision for America. They have not been doing this. Democrats do not go into interviews and demand that the President resign. I understand the pessimism, but Hillary was losing in several polls at this time in 2016 including the ABC poll that has Biden ahead 10 points. We need to beat trump in a landslide. Everyone has to vote. If we only beat him by anything less than 10% they will attempt to invalidate the election and start a civil war. Everyone in every town across America needs to vote against him and all republicans. Only then will we find peace. Yeah, I'm not counting on anything until Trump is out of the Whitehouse... 



Even if he loses (which I think is no way guaranteed, world is a crazy place), I'm not convinced he'll just leave quietly. I hear too many people refer to the old saying if "you don't switch quarterbacks or game plans in the middle of the game." This drives me crazy because that is PRECISELY what every coach does. When things are going this poorly, you pull the people performing so horribly and replace them with someone who can do better. Yeah fairly. There is no pleasing anyone anymore. He called and spoke with the family. People are blaming him for something that is ilon the state level. Blame the mayor, blame the police chief. The president cant be everywhere and make sure people uphold to values and standards. Its why there is power given to states etc. you act like hes a dictator and has supreme rule over any and everything and its just not the case in america. And how would of the democrats handled this civil unrest any different?
Most of the major hot spots are democrat governed states or cities 
Democrats hands are not clean in all this. 
This is a time when both parties need to shut up. Sit down and listen. > nothings ever enough

This is the strangest take. Because, its not like Trump has done *anything* to bring peace or resolution to the situation. So how can any reasonable person actually believe that what he's done is *enough* lmfao whataboutism in action Right on If dem politicians started demanding Trump resign at this pint in time, it would seem like they are politically motivated rather than willing to address the fact that the country is in flames.  Like they were having a knee-jerk reaction rather than any willingness to address the actual situation ... just as republicans are doing.  Everyone knows Trump is an inept tool bag, what we need right now is a leader, no matter what “rank” that comes from.  And that certainly won’t come from Pence. Salwell has always seemed like a true law and order kinda guy to me. He will be a great asset to the next administration. https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/eg4pat/the_patriotic_move_is_for_trump_to_resign/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups: The police, who investigate crime, and the district attorneys, who prosecute the offenders. The president, who tweets. These are their stories. Do you really think the democrats hands are  clean from this civil unrest? That’s fine. We’ll worry about them after November. I don’t know why pollsters put any statistical value by grouping the states Trump won together in a pot and saying that Trump leads in the states he won. Technically correct, but statistically irrelevant. It’s a state by state battle. 

But you’re right.. just had to rant a bit because there was a CNN poll a few weeks back that did the same thing. Bull$hit. Anyone remember this?  [Hillary has a 93% chance of winning](https://i.imgur.com/gaQLSFW.jpg) Sorry, I don't understand what you're saying. That’s the point. Also, a key takeaway, Biden is polling in the high 40s while Clinton was polling in the low 40s. This is significant because that means there are less undecided voters, therefore the polls are more accurate predictors. I get tired of this argument. During the 90’s crime was rising and everyone wanted safer streets and for authorities to be tough on crime.  This bill was in response to that climate.  That was a different time and Biden has admitted that the bill has flaws.  It still has some things that were good, like the violence against women act and funding for more LEO.  

Certainly, things need to change as we recognize flaws in the current system. Haha 😂😂😂 Do nothing democrat! Trump said it so it must be cool haha


/s I love the ever-shifting goal posts you guys have. I do believe that was sarcasm.. Don't get complacent guys

Biden needs to beat Trump electorally.  In 2016, Trump lost the popular vote by 3 million by won the electoral college by 5 states with just 75K votes.

[Trump Leads Biden in the States He Won in 2016: Campaign Update] (https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2020-05-31/biden-urges-protesters-to-harness-their-rage-campaign-update?srnd=premium&sref=YjKZ1f32)

Biden needs to beat Trump overwhelmingly to show Republicans that this country wants none of the Republican bullshit. Don't worry, guys, he has a 99% chance of winning.

Just like Hillary. I think it would be pretty tone-deaf to start that up one week after we all watched a snuff film. No. This is very bad. This is where things were 30 years ago before Section 230 was put into the federal communications laws. No. Democrats recognizing they're right on Trump's hypocrisy. DJT STFU They should be impeaching him again. Pretty effective strategy much as it pains me to admit. Old republicans tend to double down when they get angry. Looks like 2-10 points ahead depending on the poll...


https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton_vs_johnson_vs_stein-5952.html Last August Trump tweeted that Xi should have a nice chit chat with the protestors and “everyone would be happy”.  Now Trump is cowering in a bunker dreaming of “vicious dogs”. lol i can't tell if they hired actual Sam Elliot for the voiceover or the worst Sam Elliot impersonator. I'm not referencing them as an authority on freedom.


But they are correct to call out Trump's hypocrisy. Democrats listening to China!
Interesting. Hiding in a bunker is overkill, but if he were to go out into the protests someone would definitely try to kill him. Where was Hillary polling at at this point in 2016? Not /s, genuinely curious. But the people aghast at Biden using hyperbole to discuss how stark a difference he is from Trump really don’t care that much about Trump’s comments, for some reason.  Wanda Sykes had it right when she said he should have substituted the word “are stupid” for “ain’t black”. Because it would be meaningless?

Better to tell people to vote. Vote like Biden is 10 points behind

After you vote, go find 10 more people Just leave it alone.

It’s more productive to find 5-10 people who weren’t going to vote in November and convince them. 🗳 

It’s not your responsibility to try to convince your dad. Leave politics out of your relationship. It will make you bitter.


Better to win the election and have your relationship with no argument. China is doing this to gi true US it’s own medicine with Hong Kong.

I’d be wary of citing them or using information they publish. I'm afraid with trump, you can't play the quoting game. Beats the shit out of "when the looting starts, the shooting starts". No, the Democrats were going with "by the book." They went by the book because they knew history was watching.

Calling for resignation is pointless. There is no legal basis for it. It would play to the base and thats it. And I'm sure if you look at it up, some democrats have called for it - but then you got Pence. Absolutely this, 100% percent. They should have called for his resignation during the impeachment investigation.  If you are going to impeach, you should be at the same time asking him to resign immediately. Never interrupt your enemy when they’re making a mistake “MAGA loves the black people.” Seeing as Trump has a clear line between MAGA and black people (POC) I think I’ll take an empathetic man appealing to the American people with a few gaffes here and there. There is no point. It would be a pointless ploy and they already impeached him. 

Election is in Nov. He still has my vote, but I don’t think Joe Biden would do it without the cameras around. They'd have to build a special tank to do that and probably put a no bid out to 10 subcontractors to build a special "crowd control" tank that cost a mere $10.2 million per. But he was an idiot to begin with and I think all those golden showers warped his brain. He is not able to form a regular though or apply any knowledge without lying. 

Trymp is worthless human trash. Send him to prison. It's literally on camera lol No but they're correct here. Honestly that's what Trump and the GOP want. China is not on our side. "Do what we did in 1989!" The fact that 43% would still vote for this dumpster fire is everything you need to know about republicans. The real story is "Despite all the sh\*t going on, a disturbing number of Americans want 4 more years of Trump." haha actually I guess I am fooling ya, because I'm YangGang bishhh Fortunately this is a pretty low risk activity -- outside with everyone wearing masks. Dude you aren’t fooling anyone Bunny? Can you point me to some resources where a rep or senator publicly called for his resignation. 

Genuinely want to compile these quotes. What about Police abuses during her tenure as Police Chief of Orlando? Decided to wait until now? Youre literally saying hes messed up for not going out in riots when the white house is being attacked do you know how ignorant that sounds. And to say he needs to be out there with protestors and just so bizarre out there i cant even comprehend your thought process. Again secret service tells him what he can and cant do based off safety levels and i highly doubt this would be even remotely safe or smart. You guys on reddit think your outrage should be appeased without using and inkling of a thought process. Go on with your day and stop finding everything to be pissed at the president about . After almost four years its gotten old as fuck If I had a dollar for every weekly op-ed I’ve seen written calling for his resignation... the Democrats impeached him, they did what they had the power to do. He’s not going to resign. We just need to vote him out. Look in the mirror, fellow citizen. 

I'm a left libertarian pissed off that Trump isn't an actual Republican.

I wanted Kasich in 2016 because I didn't want Hilary (please don't crucify me, friends).

If you're so blind that you don't see the overwhelming ignorance, race-baiting, arrogance, nepotism, hostility to science and the 4th estate (aka media), love for totalitarian governance, etc..........

I don't know what else to tell you. He's not a Republican. He's a Trumpist. It's that simple.

He's reincarnated Mussolini. Not Hitler. Mussolini. When have democrats ever called for resignation?

There is value in saying things out loud to the public. Messages are important. Bunker?! Holy Shit, Trump is the Puss! God im sick of redditors mindset that theyre always right and nothings ever enough. If he dies, whoever they replace him with will be more electable by default. Biden wrote the damn crime bill.  He's the architect of mass incarceration.  He gave the cops their tanks and grenade launchers. Don’t care. VOTE! I thought corona virus was bad, why is he outside getting close to people? Ooof.  Stop using fake news.  You are a fucking cockroach of this country.  Do better if you were fucking worm shit Yeah, that was a dumb thing to say, but it's not gonna move the needle. Just look at all the crazy shit Trump says. And Biden himself is know to have bad gaffes too, but he made it this far... Was there violence in Wilmington Delaware?  ...and he stopped it?  Is that what's this about? Because when you have been shouting into the void for over three years, continuing to shout or call for the same thing gets drowned out. The truth is IF Trump was ever going to resign he would have done it by now. He isn't Nixon and doesn't have a get out of jail free card and knows it. Relevance? Just because I am pointing out concerns with Bidens candidacy does not mean I wanted Bernie... Don’t get complacent, vote like Biden is a few points behind. Sad? Lord, get this person out of here and back into the kool-aid camp.

The president of the United States doesn't owe the protesters a thing!?

Gtfo.

And for the record I'm a conservative dem pushed more liberal in the last few years by the crony lover in chief. First cool Biden move I’ve seen in a while. Please keep them coming Biden, listen here. You're doing good. Things just night go your way in November if you don't fuck it up. Biden 2020 yall Of course they won't. In America, manliness is right next to gunliness. Take away people's guns and they just don't have an identity anymore. THIS is what infuriates me about conservatives; it goes beyond Trumps compulsion to undo every Obama accomplishment. This is the war for business free from any regulation at the expense of human health and lives. I’d like to think of myself as a moderate but this kind of shit just pushes me farther to the left And abolish private prisons and legalize drugs. ok We can worry about arguing about policy with anti-Trump Republicans later. Any help against Orange Cheeto is welcomed with the state of the republic at stake. I don't bother debating magats.  Why would I bother debating Marxists?  Say something relevant or gtfo. "If you got a problem figuring out if you're for me or Trump, you ain't black." Nice. Has nothing to do with the topic 

No matter who the president is. Democrats or other republican they would still be in a safe No. Just. NO. Once HE starts showing the office the respect it deserves, so will we. The only silly comment here is yours. It’s genuinely hard to tell who’ll win. If Biden does pull it off, I think it’ll be a close one and Trump will certainly throw the biggest tantrum yet. Silly comment. No matter how bad a president he is he is still the president.  Of course they are going to have him go to a safe room when people have been violent protesting. Nope, that's fake news and you're a nasty woman And yet his death cult think he's the most alpha of men.

Biden wasn't hiding. yeah but if Biden wins theyll be endorsing the “sorry about Trump” GOP candidate in 2024 Nobody is voting for the Lincoln a Project. No, I'm all for hunting with rifles & shotguns. But you don't need more than 3 shots for game. If you miss after 3, its generally gone. Well when theres a lot of people life you who constantly talk shit and berate hes gotta assume. Plus he cant do most things if the secret service tells him he cant, common sense again He can’t address the largely peaceful protesters? He could address the nation instead of cowering like a child. Don't forget, these are still Republicans. They still want no safety nets and low taxes for the wealthy, they just want to do it while smiling and pretending to be compassionate like GW. Hmm i wonder why?? Maybe because hes the president and cant condone this... Joe grabs mic: "See? Now this here is why you boy.. you peopl... y'all N... aww fuck" What about malpractice insurance I think it would be tough to enforce from a practical standpoint if a lot of people of color don't want to be cops. This is what happens when the president of the United States is an attention wh*re. 

Nobody can be getting more screen time on TV than the president. It will be interesting to see who these people are coming from the outside. Trump seemed so confident and exited about ‘MAGA’ getting involved. I do like coffee. How about "every officer has a body cam *that they can't turn off*"? Do you really think this sub is going to be critical of democrats for being blatantly racist and for supporting the systems of oppression that have led up to this moment?? Let’s not forget that BLM happened under Obama and Biden. Ah yes, Karl Marx was a famous right winger.

'Under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered; any attempt to disarm the workers must be frustrated, by force if necessary' -Karl Marx Daaaamn I love the Lincoln Project ads. They don't hold back in the slightest. Wish Joe's team did a better job of showing him out and about in the community. I feel like I rarely ever see much of Joe day to day. It would project strength to see him more often. Isn't that the say guy who decides who deserves to be black? He had to find corn pop, make sure he’s ok He already isn't healthy anyways You don't appear to know what hindsight is If Joe Biden is in any way honest about his concern, he needs to lead a march on the White House instead of visiting a place where something happened two days prior.

And he needs to clarify his racist positions from the past, and apologise for them.

If he does neither of these, he cannot be taken seriously.

He also needs to tell us what he will be doing to stop this kind of police violence -both the murders and the oppression that followed. He needs to speak up and stop mumbling into his sleeve. I will crawl across cinders and broken glass to vote down ballot democrat in November just to stick it to shit stains like this guy Let me know whether the courts accept this reasoning. Second amendment states the right to bear arms, not implicitly firearms. We should be allowed to carry swords and other martial weaponry. No. There are guns that require cocking/reloading/etc between shots. Think a lever action rifle. I am afraid is it going to take more than that.  Police culture is rotten to the core.  The whole mission of the justice system is going to need to change.  I can't understand why we have such a hard time getting a conviction against murderous police.  Our society needs an massive renewal. The entire police system in the country needs to be reformed from the ground up. These are all just band aids. I confess to a bit of schadenfreude watching Democrats trying to persuade themselves to support Biden. He's a horrible candidate, and if the D's can't come up with anyone better, they are toast. Or try to stop voting altogether.... Speaking of divisive... Doesn’t that mean all guns? Can't this mother fucker just die already? My fucking god. This is bizarre. Politically speaking, there is absolutely no way Biden could be seen refusing to take a picture with a young African-American person while visiting a police brutality protest.

I am sure this scenario was discussed before the final "go" decision to make the visit was made, and the visit was deemed worth the risk of contracting the virus.  If it wasn't, the alternative almost certainly wasn't to maintain a 6 foot bubble, it would have been to stay at home.

I'm not suggesting in any way that Joe didn't want to hang with these guys and take a picture with them.  He loves that kind of stuff.  He has a 40-plus year reputation in politics of being a guy who loves to get with the masses and shake some hands, slap some backs, and kiss some babies, hear their stories, and emphasize with their problems  He knew all the regulars on his train route home to Delaware each day during his years in the Senate by name and knew a lot of their families and other details about their lives just from chatting with him.

Honestly, I think he has probably really been having trouble being essentially confined to his home during this pandemic for that reason.  He felt a responsibility to provide a good example and be seen listening to and following the advice of the scientists and the doctors, though.  That was where he needed to be at that moment in history.

History is moving at lightning speed, however, and the protest was where he needed to be today.  He brought his mask, but strict social distancing in that sort of situation is tough for anyone, and impossible if you're running for President of the United States.

I feel you, though. I wouldn't be out there in any sort of mass gathering right now.  I get nervous about the possibility of accidentally coming closer than six feet to someone while walking my dog, or the minimal contact I need to make to pick up essential supplies (From my car).

Joe Biden is a brave guy, and has a special vocation right now.

I remember reading some inside stuff about recent Popes and they know their physical security precautions against individuals who mean them harm is not sufficient from a security point of view.  One Pope got tackled by some random person with a grudge as he was proceeding into Christmas Eve Mass during the opening hymn two years in a row.  That could have easily been much worse.  But they feel their vocations require them to take the risk.

Now, when and if he becomes President, there is going to be a different calculus surrounding Biden's decisions, and I think if something like this happened during his administration and it coincided with a pandemic, he'd probably be addressing the nation from the Oval Office and meeting with key protesters and police figures at the White House, where they would be tested for the virus, have their tempetures taken prior to entry, and have infrared cameras monitoring their body heat.

A challenger for the Presidency who is his party's presumptive nominee doesn't have the ability to or the luxury of taking those precautions at a big moment like this, though.  It's a tough position to be in, balancing the need to model good health concious behavior for the nation and the need to show support for the African-American community during an important time, but we should be glad he is willing to make the tough choices and hope he gets through the campaign without contracting the virus.  He won't do stupid things like Trump probably will be before the end of this and holding rallies in front of thousands of tens of thousands of people, but there will be moments where he is going to still have to be certain places and interact with the public in smaller groups like this. I don't envy him.

The times and Biden's age certainly argue for a Vice-Presidential running-mate like Elizabeth Warren who could step in and be ready to be President on day 1 if called upon. Maybe I'm still drunk but I read that as Joe Budden Yes also maybe Ellison will make some sort of public statement. The fact that the current racial makeup of the police doesn't match their communities goes against the equal opportunity laws. If everyone was presented truly equal opportunities, wouldn't the racial makeup of the force match their jurisdiction? Let's figure out a way to mobilize people to the polls in November. I'm thinking of volunteering in minority neighborhoods in swing states, Like OFA did in 2012. Milwaukee, Philadelphia, Cleveland, etc. DM me is an organization already exists or we can make one. Wow! Joe Biden (presidential) is out on the streets talking to AMERICANS while tweety trump is hiding in little bunker. Need new leadership & FAST! Here we go. Instead of paying attention to the reasons behind the protests we make it all about Trump. This isn't just racism here though racism is almost always part of it. This is sociopathy -  police taking an aggressive and abusive stance. Even if a person committed a crime,  there should be no abusive physical or verbal assaults on them if they are not resisting arrest.  Police who intend to abuse their position to threaten, harass and intimidate anyone they interact with should not be in law enforcement. You would have to be an idiot to buy that excuse. He has said its safe to go back even? Loo So you are implying that nothing good came out of dumping $1.4M (in today's dollars) worth of tea in a Boston Harbor some 240+ years ago? Did he actually say that lol Yea, this was all on purpose.  They're convincing their gullible voters that COVID is no big deal, meanwhile the rest of us know it's bad, so they're trying to make it so only the stupid gullible people will want to vote and they can win.

They don't care if they have to literally kill people to do it. Bernie voted for same bill Ellison should also charge Chauvin and his thugs with the negligent homicide of anyone who dies from the coronavirus due to the protests. This is surprisingly good! Voting is an essential activity. This is huge.  The county prosecutor was a police union hack, and would be cleared the four officers if he could have gotten away with it.  And by the way, one of the reforms that should be pushed for is to ban all law enforcement unions. > You know what would help is to somehow get guns out of our lives.

Good luck with repealing (or violating) the Second Amendment. You'll need it. Why dont he use those "most ominous weapons" then? Or perhaps is he waiting for them to start looting the white house before shooting them? Welp, guess he isnt going to do anything other than retweet "a good democrat is a dead democrat" Honestly the officer shouldnt be charged. He was doing the right thing. They are a very unpredictable race. Exactly, by it's nature it goes against the equal opportunity laws I think he will be better because he tracks pretty closely with the democratic establishment (maybe like the 30th percentile in the party in terms of liberalness, where AOC would be like 95, Kamala Harris maybe 60, Warren maybe 80, Joe Manchin maybe 5) . But the democratic party has gotten more liberal, so so has he. 

That's still a bit of a low bar and not the kind of leadership and vision I think we need in the 21st century. I also don't think Biden is particularly likeable or inspiring, but part of that is because he's old and I'm young and it's an identity thing. 

I just don't really appreciate all this posting that's like "oh look at the sage wisdom of Joe Biden". Reminds me a bit about what Andrew Yang was and is supporting. Shame he didn't get nominated. The rat helmet awaits. I agree with your last paragraph entirely!

Didn't Joe Biden helped create this BlackLivesMatter crisis by repeatedly supporting the War on Drugs which targeted minority communities making them the primary targets for policing and thus racism?

He has totally changed his tune in the past 10 years but why should we expect him to lead any different how then he voted for so many years ?

https://www.ontheissues.org/2020/Joe_Biden_Drugs.htm No, but I think if we fire every cop whose been caught flashing white power signs directed at minorities we'll be off to a good start. Even if it wasn't, Trumps fat ass would not be out there. Doug Jones voted against the amendment that would prevent the FBI from accessing people's browser history without a warrant. 

Unforgivable. I wish Yang's policy of required BJJ belts as part of training was taken more seriously and implemented here as well. Whenever I see Biden, all I can think of is how in the world does he deal with the relentless death of a loved one in his life? The third rail is thinking about death. How does he get out of bed each day? He seems like a joker, but he's hiding some real pain. Omg, please stay at least 6 feet away from him! He needs to stay healthy. Because the White House was under attack. So are we just going to fire white cops if the diversity doesn’t reach the status quota? So he's worried about his safety, as per the article, but "had no intrest" in even attempting a national address. No, he decided to stoke the fire more by effing tweeting garbage.....and surrounding himself with a mini army. He intends to kill people tomorrow....I know it like I've never known anything in my life. Go home for now everyone please, a terrified bully with others to do his bidding bodes badly for anyone in his path. This issue will not fade away and will be addressed, but we all have to live to see that.

Ghost them, let them be the ones overreacting to empty streets. Am I the only one who just love Joe Biden. Down to earth, doesn’t put on airs. Rode fucking Amtrak back-and-forth to Delaware for decades. Will be such a big breath of fresh air for our country. Long may he live and prosper and us along with him. You’re full of crap.

You present no facts when you are smearing him.

That’s not a “critique”.

Not sure who told you otherwise.

The party didn’t “coalesce” around Biden. He won.

He beat Bernie and everyone else.

He leads in polling.

He is from PA which is critical to win.

He is two time VP under one of the most popular presidents in Democrat history.


What information do you have otherwise?


At no point did Biden say these failures were new to the trump era.



You’re a liar and acting in bad faith.


What is your experience with elections and candidates that you know better? I'm just making a factual observation. It is a perfectly fine opinion to vote for him and not like him. And the fact that him and his supporters act like critiques of their record and policies are personal insults to them and act all hurt is honestly just pathetic. 

There's still no evidence he's the strongest candidate. His polling went up as the democratic party coalesced around him. It probably would've for anyone else who might reasonably have won. 

I think Biden will probably win. But I worry how he'll fair when Trump is gone, because he's acting like these societal failures are this new thing in the Trump era. Not in the conclusion at the end Oops. Thanks for the correction, you're right and thanks for telling me nicely. Editing to correct now. > and their asses if they didn't

I would have thought the part above made it clear the *if* was to be interpreted as ***when***. You keep slamming Biden with every comment here

Biden is the nominee and yes strongest candidate to take on trump The way it’s worded is not what you imply. You want to say his people are responsible for the most deaths by terroristic acts rather than what the phrasing says “deaths of terrorists.” (Just in case you’re misrepresented through screenshots or something) Wouldn't hurt to raise the quality of the protesters too. They've got to get the looters and rioters out of their mix and are the only ones who can effectively do it and not give the police the excuse they're looking for.

George Floyd's death was powerful and at first was building a dialogue. Then the immediate looting completely set that back. Now the inhabitants of these neighborhoods want the guard and cops in there to stop it. 

And when you give that kind of authoritarianism permission to abuse the power they run with it and more people will get hurt. 

Basically there's more than one way to solve the immediate problems here. You said “if” and then proceeded to assert that as truth


So only fake news is you, son. This should help the situation Absent a revolution, Trump will be in office on Nov.3rd. Then we will revolt at the ballot box and throw him out of office. Soldiers on duty rarely interact with the general public in the way police do. Military training for civil and public servants is not only wasteful, it's insane. 

American streets only start looking like a battlefield when we treat them as such, that begun when PD's started arms races. Trump needs to be forcibly removed from office. This might help Biden win. Dear good please don't fuck things up But military soldiers don’t fire at Americans. They are both arms of the executive branch of government and they’re job is to do the executing of actions in order to protect our liberties I’m not apologizing for Trump, I’m saying it’s not as simple as “Trump broke America”.  Is he a blowhard who says dumb stuff on Twitter? Yes.  Is he doing things other presidents have done before? Yes, except he says the quiet part out loud.  America has been broken for a while, and both liberals and conservatives have contributed to it If the Secret Service took Trump to the bunker, it was the Secret Service's call, and their asses if they didn't.

To considerable extent, what the Secret Service does to protect POTUS is nondiscretionary. They take no chances by statute.

IOW, this wasn't up to Trump. So the title of this posting is actually fake news. Great job giving Trump and example of it. There it is. Trump apologist. Nice We can’t pick and choose when we enforce the law.  If we didn’t hold Clinton, Bush, and Obama to the standard of the law, we can’t start holding Trump to the standard of the law.  The presidency has been out of control since the 1920’s, with unchecked grasping for more power.  Has Trump committed crimes or unconstitutional acts? Probably.  But so did Bush and Obama, some of them worse. It depends on what you mean by "conservative".

If you believe that we should worry about the national debt and run as close to a balanced budget as we can, if you believe that we should encourage individual responsibility and facilitate individual choice, if you believe that we should promote democratic values and human rights abroad -- then, yes, there is room for kinship between this kind of conservatism and the reasonable part of America.

But if you support Trump in the full knowledge of what he is? Nothing but hostility and a desire to do every last thing I can to beat you and your candidates at the polls. Trumps prodding isn’t the problem. His crimes are. The modern conservative movement has decided that Trump can’t be investigated or charged with crimes. You self identified as a conservative. So yeah, the ideology you align yourself to is in opposition to core tenets of our system of government. This isn’t a policy debate. It’s not a matter or disagreeing about politics. It’s a disagreement about whether we are a nation of laws. The modern conservative movement is in opposition to America. As a self identified conservative you start from that deficit of trust, but I’m not so unreasonable to think that you couldn’t climb out of that hole. It’s improbable but not impossible. This IS the real test for re-opening the country. Going to be interesting in the next 20 or so days. As if the CDC and our health system needed this. Tragic. It's long past time to adopt the model other countries have, where most police aren't armed.

Most Romance languages have two words for the police. One means "the cops on the street" -- who don't carry firearms (and often no weapons). The other (often translated as "armed police" or "military police") are the equivalent of our SWAT teams: the people who only show up when they're anticipating actual trouble. They don't just carry pistols; they carry military rifles. These are the folks that Paris called out to guard synagogues during the anti-semitic nonsense there a few years ago.

But the average cop writing speeding tickets, in *almost all countries*, is unarmed.

Some of the cops might say "well, I don't feel safe without a gun!"

Well, then, fuck you and go find something else to do for a living. Once again the idiot does not have the authority. I would also add AOC, Ilhan Omar, and Rashida Talib to the cancer from my point of view.  They purposefully prod conservatives into a frenzy the way Trump does. You can be a small-l libertarian Democrat. I'm one.

Libertarianism has been warped into this weird "fuck you I've got mine" ideology by the Kochs and so on. And the Libertarian Party is something of a weird joke that cares more about guns than not having taxes. But ultimately it was originally about liberty -- same root as *liberal.* Libertarianism at its core is the belief that people can live their best lives when they have the freedom to make their own choices and the agency to put those choices into action.

And people don't have that much liberty when they're murdered by cops, when they're destitute, when they're hounded by the police, when they're unable to get a decent education, when they're unable to control their own bodies. Paying taxes is not much of an affront to my liberty compared to the benefits it brings to people (including me) who get medical care, decent schools, roads, parks, etc. The stuff we do with tax money mostly *enhances*, not represses, individuals' agency over their lives -- which is ultimately the goal of libertarianism.

While I have some differences with some strands of Democratic Party thought they're minor quibbles compared to the big picture: the Democrats want to use the government as a steward of the public trust to build nice things that support everyone's ability to choose their own path in life. The way you phrase your comment is part of the problem too.  I have to “prove myself” to get the benefit of the doubt?  Are you serious? That is so wrong, you don’t even know me and I have to prove to you that I am worthy of you giving me respect? If PETA was doing it you'd have advertisement in every flashy magazine about it.
Half naked of course. I have no problem having disagreements about the tax rate on the upper tax bracket, or how many F-35s we should procure, but the rift between the cult of trump and everyone else is severe. A large chunk believe in bullshit Q Anon conspiracy theories, and never question a single word from Trump’s mouth. Until the disinformation that conservatives have unleashed on their own base stops, they will continue to drag this country down. It’s the only language the police understand. Don’t be sad. They are learning that murder is unacceptable. Most liberals/Democrats would be fine with voter  ID too so long as that proposal comes with a means to provide everyone eligible with an ID. Unfortunately, that's never on the table... Just a new version of a Jim Crow law. Mitch McConnell, Bill Barr, and Donald Trump are cancer on the republic social media or not. Training them like soldiers, even if trained well, is a problem.   Soldiering and policing are very different skill sets. No there is no kinship left. I’d argue that any chance of reconciliation died when republicans questioned the legitimacy of Obama’s citizenship. That was the point Republicans revealed themselves to be anti-American. 

The deal was sealed when Republicans protected Trump over country. 

If you’re a conservative that rejects Modern Republican politics, maybe. But you’d need to make a compelling case for why you should get the benefit of the doubt. I agree. The tool itself is neutral. But the very worst of us have poisoned it. I’m not really a “Trump Republican”, I don’t hate the man, but he doesn’t meet the important standard of me being able to tell my kids he’s a role model.  And I do feel like the republican part has taken a dangerous, populist turn.  But on the flip side, I also feel like the Democratic part has as well- there seems to be increasing radicalization on the left as well, and it is frightening to me that we are getting so far apart that we may have fascist vs communist elections soon.   As for the voting suppression, I do agree with things like voter ID, I feel like there needs to be a balance between secure elections and open elections. I agree, part of me feels like the development of social media has been a net negative.  In itself it is a neutral tool, but we have weaponized it and it is radicalizing us against each other Reddit isn’t the real world. There is a lot more kinship among American citizens, regardless of political affiliation, in real life. There are also many republican and liberal politicians and public servants who work together for a common goal day in day out. The media is largely at fault for covering fringe groups and crazy stuff. Social media is not the real world. German here. Can you folks over the pond please ask yourselves exactly this question OP has and stop hating each other like you were two nations at war? It's disturbing to watch the news and see American cities go up in flames. It makes me so sad. >Donald John Trump

I think you spelled "Jackass" wrong Overall there are very few bad police.But I don't understand how these particular officers can't be weeded out. Are other police osterisized for speaking out. I don't know. I think there’s plenty of liberals that would be willing to work toward common goals. It seems like liberals are interested in a vision of America that’s being actively destroyed by Trump, Republican politicians, and by movement conservatives though.

It’s one thing to disagree on a solution, it’s another thing to say because you disagree you plan to rip voting rights and voting power of those on the left from them, pack the courts with people that are completely driven by politics rather than the law (a Supreme Court opinion that ignores the actual text
Of a law...seriously!?!?) and has a significant number of rank and file people who think Putin’s Russia is better than an Obama or Biden America. Racial composition will never make it through the current court. I'm an older white man and I am with you 100%. Vote Democrat down-ballot put us back in charge of the government Joe Biden says we are fighting for the soul of America and that is absolutely true. lmao ok Go figure Mark Fuckerberg working with Faux news Fuckerbergs also saying Twitter is wrong for what they are doing by tagging the wannabe dictator Donald j drumpfs tweets that aren't true. I don't use Facebook and I wish other people would follow suit and hit that little piece of shit where it hurts the most and what he cares about the most money in his pocket and bank account. Mark Fuckerberg is an ass kissing moron that will be on whatever side is in charge so wait until Joe Biden and the Democrats take over the government and then you will see this robot moving idiot taking the side of the Democrats. But I have something to say to Mark Fuckerberg Democrats don't want you around you're a sell-out!! He should generally just stop talking it’d be better Haven't demonized the protesters at all.
The looters and people destroying property are not protesting. He’s a real hero. Very true, but the problem is that even at that level there is mass corruption and brutality. Police forces have a lot of influence in local politics. But the influence of the president of the United States is at a whole different level, and if the problem is so glaring then it is also a glaring problem that our current president would rather sign executive orders related to twitter censoring his calls to violence (as is their right as a private company, as well as it being in accordance with their own terms of services which bind voluntary users. It’s insane that the leader of the free world just isn’t doing shit to help, and is instead actively making corruption and violence worse. Where is the media and governors about social distancing now?  Haven't heard a thing or sense of urgency about the protestors causing infections. Sounds like the governor of Missouri is one dumb POS because if he thinks by telling Democrats if they don't feel safe not to vote then he has another thing coming. Because Democrats are getting out to vote whether they have to go vote in person or getting mail-in ballots and I understand Missouri has mail-in ballots so governor not only are you fucked but so is Donald j drumpf and every other Republican running in 2020 and that's because the blue Wave is coming again and Democrats are going to take over the government and get it back to the way it should be of, for, and by the people!! dumbass. Even though it is a national problem. 
Real solutions have to start in state by state, city by city, county by county Microwaves be snitchin! Yeah that’s never gonna happen with republicans owning the senate. They aren’t interested in doing anything that in any way makes the police the slightest bit uncomfortable. And people like you demonizing protesters aren’t helping either. Every single time things changed for the better they followed moments of extreme civil unrest. The American revolution, Civil War, the Civil rights riots isn’t he sixties, so on and so forth. Governments don’t listen to peaceful protests. Never have. Never will. You don’t have to protest but demonizing the people fed up with the injustice in this country isn’t helping either. Why’s rent you up in arms over the cops that are attacking protesters that are demonstrating peacefully? The reporters just there to bring up information on it are being attacked by the police too. Where’s your outrage? I also hate Democrat vs republican talk, and you’re right it isn’t a new trump thing, but he is doing absolutely nothing to help, he’s throwing fuel into the fire by doing shit like retweeting videos saying death to Democrats, it’s insane shit like that which make looters and rioters act violently, and normal people everywhere lose their minds. There isn’t anything to fucking talk about or debate, the issue is literally that murder is bad. That’s it. Just do the absolute bare fucking minimum and hold yourselves accountable for your murders. The simplest of demands, and until it is met the violence and riots will continue. And they will continue because peaceful protest is now PROVEN to not be effective at fighting these issues. The bottom line is that many more innocent people will die in the coming days and the destruction will continue, all while our “leader” makes it worse instead of doing the bare minimum. Somehow everyone complaining about legit gripes against Trump and his administration is never ever ever ever absolving him. while presenting points with out sourcing that claims to absolve him////while...lol...never absolving him He may not win his Senate election (not going to throw in the towel yet), but he's demonstrated integrity throughout. He is an Alabama Democrat and a credit to the state. You just listed off a bunch of shit about trump with poor spelling. How does Israel have anything to do with shitty nursing homes? 

I'm not absolving trump, I'm just saying this one specific issue is def not his fault. These places were always shitholes with infection issues. MRSA, VRE, TB, HEP C, scabies. You name it, I've seen a skilled nursing facility spread it. Ideally Trump would shut the fuck up until he goes to jail. To the folks in the right-wing subreddits, you are. So, I just want to say that lots of other people were saying that access to healthcare and action on climate change and racial justice and democracy and all these things are moral issues that speak to who we are as a nation before Trump came around. 

Biden is correct in this statement but it's also pretty obvious, and an easy thing to say when your whole party agrees with you. Kinda late for this now bah 😆 Mate. I don't really know. I don't walk in their shoes.
I live in a little country town where nothing happens. 
This isn't a Trump thing. Generations of governments have done nothing it seems. 
Mass peaceful intelligent protests for as long as it takes. Not just for a few weeks then everyone moves on. Maybe something like that. 
Not have the media just add fuel to the fire but constructively source answers .
Both government parties actually sitting down. 
No party reteric, I don't want to hear  republican and democrat talk. /s > Police officers are already required to wear a body cam

This is nowhere near universal. He's planning to run against a "good democrat" and I don't think anyone is prepared. umm hmm yeah PETA would have done it a month after the riots had ended and things were just starting to get a bit better.

Or done an online hit piece on GTA 6 for justifying police over reaction. 

While also funding the most racist cops of the lot and waving their hands and going. We can't do anything were really big you guys no seriously when they were asked by other activist groups to maybe consider not doing that.

Oh and when it was Martin Luther king jrs birthday calling him a racist for good measure. Pretty sure HRC said the same stuff, but nobody listened because her emails had boobs, or something.

And now we have Gorsuch and Kavanaugh! 

Who could have anticipated?

All I heard in 2016 is “they’re all the same”. I'm not sure what you're trying to say? I agree completely. Tell me what the hundreds of thousands who aren’t rioting should do though? Peaceful assembly’s, innocent bystanders, and those on their OWN property facing extreme police brutality (literal murder in many cases)? It has been absolutely proven that peaceful protests are not taken seriously and even denounced by our own leaders. Should the many innocent Americans simply roll over for the exact type of authoritarian regime their “leaders” would condemn? Seriously, what other option is there? tRumps a racist piece of 💩, it's all the asshat knows, prison 2020 will love the whole family 😆 John Oliver did a good piece on police "warrior training." That needs to cease also. The answer is not looting and property destruction. 
Those doing this have no interest in justice and solutions to these problems. Yes. Fuck PETA. Fuck the Atlanta mayor. Agreed. And this will be much easier when we start teaching every American from an early age the history behind the divide. A good start would be making required reading of:

The Color of Law: A Forgotten History of How Our Government Segregated America. 

This is deep in our culture. And while your recommendations are clearly necessary, it’s going to take more than just law enforcement reform to truly address it. You should hope that justice comes to MANY more than just George Floyd. Riots are exactly what happens when this shit is going on. Riots are exactly how this fucking country was founded. INNOCENT Americans are being MURDERED by the government. Do you seriously think Americans should just roll over like a bunch weaklings as the government murders with impunity? Seriously? And don’t say peaceful protests, because people who tried like Kapernick were all denounced and shit all over by the exact people who now think that violent protest isn’t the answer. Explain to me what the fuck the answer is then? And I hope justice comes for George Floyd. But all this property destruction and looting only takes the attention away from the problems. 
Nothing good can come from this. Antifa is a phantom organization. He's spraying gasoline on the flames. So, voter suppression. It's voter suppression. Thanks. He always makes matters worse. State-funded murder of completely innocent civilians and the the state-funded protection of those murderers is objectively worse in every way imaginable. Riots will continue. Americans want to fetishize the founding fathers and the revolution but some then fail to recognize the same mass injustices and corruption in front of their very eyes. Looters are bad but we need to realize the severity of things. Imagine if it was your innocent child who was brutally held down and murdered on camera by those sworn to defend them. Of course it won’t. That doesn’t mean we shouldn’t strive for better. We don’t give up, just because it can’t be perfect. [check this out ](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2020/05/29/us_covid-19_death_toll_is_inflated.html) I dunno man, but I do recollect a saying about hindsight. Nice try, shitbrick. I would say it's working and the right people just might be the police. Exactly :-) more people would vote if it wasn't so difficult for them, and it's kind of hard to argue with a paper trail....
... Oh yes, this is exactly why they hate the vote-by-mail.....it's like team Trump is just super charging everything Republicans have been trying to accomplish for the last few decades.... Shocked! Absolutely shocked. Not sure what psych vetting occurs when somebody applies to be a cop. Did they serve one or more tours in Afghanistan or Iraq and see combat? Are there alt right/left social media posts.  So a psych evaluation with thorough background vetting. Should I assume those are standard for all applicants? The cop who murdered George Floyd has 18 conduct complaints with several reprimands and two shootings of suspects. He’s been described as tightly wound. How many more cops on the force with multiple violence complaints and a shooting or two?  Time for an outside agency to audit personnel files and clean house.  The Chief of Police has not done a good job of enforcing rules of conduct.
Frankly it may be time to do a national audit when Biden takes the reigns and a real AG heads Justice. The problem is not that they are trained like soldiers. It’s that they are trained poorly. Pretty much.  [Declaring antifa](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1267129644228247552) as a terrorist organization allows him to say anyone who opposes him in any way, shape, or form is a terrorist and must be dealt with accordingly.

Combined with [this retweet](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1265855459719892993) of his saying "the only good democrat is a dead democrat" and [this tweet](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1266231100780744704) saying "when the looting starts, the shooting starts," I have to wonder if he's trying to get the right people worked up enough to start shooting up people who don't agree with Trump. Well said, Mr Booker.  VOTE BLUE. Trump as always is throwing gas on the fire. As with everything else if he could ever humble himself and apologize for the hurts and problems he’d do better but NOPE. He knows that if people can vote by mail, he'll lose, It's harder to disenfranchise people if they have options. Exactly my thoughts. Trump Administration Lifts Limits On Military Hardware--Then-President Barack Obama placed restrictions on the transfer of military equipment to local police in 2015 https://www.npr.org/2017/08/28/546743742/trump-administration-lifts-limits-on-military-hardware-for-police “Leadership: Whatever happens, you’re responsible. If it doesn’t happen, you’re responsible.” https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/398887965302091776?lang=en

Guess the protestors are right--Trump isnt responsible becuase he is illegitimate--The irony is him  claiming that Obama wasnt the rightful presideent when his projection may actually hint at him being undeservng of the white house You can protest peacefully. 
Nothing good is going to come from this property destruction and looting. Those involved in that should be ashamed of themselves. To put it politely. Plus, if you get a centralized record of discipline, then problem cops can't bounce from township to township. Well, just because there is a correlation between militarizing the police and greater use of violence by the police, doesn’t mean we should do the easy thing and demilitarize them.  I just follow the person we nominated, for some reason, in condemning the riots.  /s It wasn't as vocal, maybe. It's existed and been common knowledge for decades. It's been huge part in the way police operated going back to prohibition,  at least. A government official actually said that-- on camera Neither is the meat packing industry This is sick bruh Someone saw the poll that only had Biden back by 4 in Missouri and it starting to get worried. yes Trump has ocupied the White House for 3 years---he knew the pademic was o its way in november 2019, which was when he warned Israel, He set those ppe supplies that are needed to China in Februaury,  i could cotinue to go down a check list, but why bother when i could just refer to one of his tweets, Becuase there is at least one for everything


Donald J. Trump on Twitter | Leadership: Whatever happens, you're responsible. If it doesn't happen, you're responsible. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/398887965302091776 I'm watching this looting and property being destroyed on tv right now and when law enforcement  eventually comes in to put a stop too this . I really hope they all get a massive beat down. I will feel no sympathy for them. 
They are all pieces of shit. Nothing to do with the protests just taking advantage of the situation. 
Shameful. i will do that thanks good idea I dunno man, for a virus with a 99.985% recovery rate don’t you think it was a major overreaction? We need to demilitarize *everyone*. Start with banning semi-automatic guns. Do you think that why he is digging his heels in about vote by mail? What's so disturbing is that people like Trump and his Attorney General want to classify their political opponents as "terrorists" and eliminate or bypass and Constitutional protections that would prevent law enforcement from going after them just because  of their views...... I ever get a sense that a politician doesn’t want the people to vote or is working to keep them from voting, that politician is dead to me. Party and other policies don’t matter. If you aren’t on board with democracy you deserve no power in America This situation is bad ....but Trump is just making it worse ... Maybe he is thinking that by inflaming the situation further, it will get worse before it gets better, helping him to lock up the "law and order " angry old white people vote? So wait you think if you just shoot the first cops who show up then that's kind of the end of it? The rest of the cops like respect your big gun and go on their merry way? Yep.  Some asshole wearing a Hawaiian shirt trying to bomb a hospital in protest of the stay ay home orders a few months ago was killed in a shootout, so right-wing dumbbells picked up on it.  They were was a group of them in Minneapolis yesterday. You can just say republican at this point Hawaiian shirts are a sign of white supremacy now? Uh oh... Please stop spreading false information. What are you talking about? You’re not going to win a gun battle with the cops. If we didn’t have so many guns in the USA we all would be safer and then we could demilitarize the police. Sure, but they aren't having the fun of murdering their fellow countrymen without fear of reprisal or consequence. Just look at Laura Ingram, Candace Owens, Tomi Lahren, & Charlie Kirk's twitter feeds. 

It's all about property rights, they're demonizing the protests, when it's turning out that agent provocateurs are mainly the ones starting these riots. Huh. I did not realize that - had to look it up. But let's be honest, shall we? My ignorance of the origin of the thin blue line does not change the facts surrounding how it's used today. It was not as prevalent in the last 40 years until BLM showed up. There is evidence of the rise of one in response to the other and since then is seen as a political statement. So stop getting defensive; you're on the wrong side of this. Coronavirus is already doing that! To hurt and kill as many Americans as possible. But they are not going to win so what the hell is the point? That civil war the Right has wanted for decades. Make it an environment they cannot thrive in then, by training, by regulation, by enforcing the same standards the public is held to....make it systemically impossible for them to be a part of. That is a possibility with anything and everything. But we can't do nothing because of that fear. This an area where there is less possibility than most any other issue of that happening. It has a specific amendment preventing it from happening. Police are wage earners. The police state is the problem. The political ideology is the problem...not wage earners. 

There is a fundamental insanity built-in to our class hierarchy. That is the same as saying there is a fundamental insanity built-in to our political ideology.

We can't separate the political ideology we use today from the ideology that framed colonial period slavery. The position of the police is the same....and the fact that there are black police doesn't change the structure of the system. 

Liberals don't talk about these aspects...but they should...because we can't fix problems without getting to the root of the system, and the interconnection between issues. 

We can't deal with racism without dealing with wealth-inequality. We can't deal with wealth-inequality without dealing with racism. 

All of our social ills are connected in deeper contexts than is projected by 'spun' political narratives.

Why the fuck would US cops be murdering black men wholesale in the 21st century? 

Racism is accepted because authoritarian power is accepted. Authoritarian power is accepted because extreme wealth-inequality is accepted.

C'mon people lets raise the game. It existed for YEARS before BLM stop talking out your ass. Half of those things on that list are already in place. Police officers are already required to wear a body cam and cannot impead its vision. As a right of the people a person already has a right to an attorney if they cannot afford one regardless of status, etc etc. I never said I didn’t agree with better gun checks or control of them. I understand that because of the power a weapon holds. But you have to get a conspiratorial to understand that this is the beginning of a slippery slope if abused.

First no violent offenders (understandable) then no one with a history of mental illness (okay), then no non-violent drug offenders. (questionable) Then no one who has been arrested ever. (what?) Then no one in certain areas (urban). Then eventually systematically taken away the right through bureaucracy.

I know it sounds nutty. But seeing how the landscape has changed. I can see how in 50 years it’s be practically impossible to own a firearm by legal means.

Maybe I’m just learned to never trust anyone except yourself.

It’s weird because I agree with control checks, but then I see how they lead to the right being taken away indirectly. > Is it that simple? 

Yes. In a 2018 article which discussed figures from the year prior, so I'm presuming that means the 2017 figures, America had 458 deaths to police shootings compared to zero in Japan and the UK. What the hell is happening with us? I want to preface this with the fact I absolutely support the movement and any community that is subjected to this type of treatment, it’s horrible and inhumane the way the black community has been treated. It’s sad that I have to say that because the reality of the issues isn’t something people want to acknowledge.  

But we also know the statistics show crime is also more prevalent within the black community which leads to more interactions with the police. That directly correlates to the interactions the black community has with police officers. 

Then you could dive a little deeper and find out what kind of police officers they are sending to high crime areas, and it’s typically not the veteran law enforcement officers. There are so many things at play, and I don’t think it’s fair to leave anything out when we evaluate it as a whole.

I’m a huge believer in factual information, if we’re going to be showing statistics, I think it’s important to show all relevant statistics, good or bad. It’s not as simple once you break things down and show trends. I told my microwave. Just tell your Alexa/Google/Siri - it's listening. See you in room 101. He's basically just labelled all liberals as terrorists and fair game for domestic surveillance. Mine while his very fine people and proud white boys have been responsible for the majority of terrorist deaths since 9/11 and be does nothing. They are his people and he loves them. Co conspirators in the death of a nation. Couldn’t be the white supremacist groups posting their calls to arms all over social media, or congregating with their silly outfits on (like Hawaiian shirts) and long guns on nice shady, grassy knolls, waiting for dark. Is it that simple? Is it the cops are evil? Or is it that the police force attracts power hungry authoritarian figures who will likely tend to abuse their power? I’ve got a friend whose a cop, good guy. Used to be a stoner actually, but a lot of his buddies are real type A assholes. It’s just the type of people being a cop attracts for the wrong reasons.

Knowing you can’t realistically control the hiring process of cops to limit this. You still don’t want the choice to defend yourself against these people?

Why? There used to be a time when the last part of that statement wouldn't be controversial in the US. We can debate the line to be drawn all day. I may be a little to the left of your idea where it is to be drawn. That is how the discussion begins. Not where it ends. But the starting point is not that unreasonable. I would give up one or two of these points to see the others enacted. Me too, I wonder if we should call the FBI and tell ‘em to come get us. > The idea "Shouldn't we arm our selves against the police we hire?" is a really insane idea. 

If you have to arm yourselves against the police, then they're not police anymore but tyrants. How about just not having cops that shoot at, kill, or harm innocent civilians? Radical concept, I know. Okay but I’m trying to transcend society on this point. Nothing about society is concrete. It’s a flowing changing idea. But when we go back to the tribal days you reference. Those who controlled the “spears” I’m sure we’re trusted to defend the tribe. Until it was abused, like power tends to do to people. Only way to make sure no one in the tribe was being abused was to make sure everyone in the tribe has access to a spear. I agree on all those points but the military style auto control. I understand these may have been used to commit crimes. But if figures of authority can only carry them, then your handgun is as good as a knife.

When the cops fire upon you the property you’re legally standing on and own. You tell me you shouldn’t have the right to an automatic weapon like the cops who fired upon your house do. My estimation of  The Verge just went up significantly. Very well said, sir/madam. None of that sounds like the characteristics of a rational modern culture. 

That's a bad way to frame our problems. The USA is not supposed-to resemble a tribal war in the 21st century. 

The idea "Shouldn't we arm our selves against the police we hire?" is a really insane idea. 

I think we'll need to redefine or well-define our concept of society. 

Lets get that back on track. Once again, no one is trying to take your guns away.  A nationwide registration, closing gun show loopholes, banning military-style automatic weapons with more than 30 bullet cartridges, keeping guns out of the hands of repeat felons and mentally unstable people, is not banning guns. "I'm left" he says while espousing nothing but rightwing talking points.

Sure thing bud. Those are the two running. The primary is over. The people spoke during the primaries and chose Joe. You're welcome to not like the choice, but they are the only ones that can be elected. You have to choose - whether you like it or not. And make no mistake - if your vote would be against Trump, but you refuse to vote just because his opponent doesn't do it for you, then you *are* withholding a vote from Biden that he will need to win. If others do the same as you, it could be enough for Trump to beat Biden. And if that happens, that's on you. Unfortunately Trump has defined ANTIFA as “whoever is doing this.” Then how are we “playing right into his hands”? o.0 And riots need to be controlled This post is about Trump, not Biden. That commenter was called a nut for trying to equate the two. There's several universes and dimensions between what is known about Trump and what is rumored about Biden. With Trump there's several warehouses worth of video, audio, court testimony, transcripts and legal documents, proving his mistakes, wrongdoing, lies and illegal acts and behaviours. There's literally none of that with Biden. And trying to equate the two may not make you a nut, but it does make you dishonest and disingenuous. And of course they shouldn't. I'm just pointing out how this will be used. There exists a world in which a person can hate trump and also not really be stoked about Biden when there were a whole slew of better options for Democratic nominee. Besides, with the crazy times we are seeing we should absolutely not sit here and accept Biden as the nominee, we as a people can and should still demand better. This is not a call for more trump, it is a call for better than trump AND better than Biden. Nobody is going to stop protesting murder just because Fox finds a way to insult them. I will wear that title as a badge of honor and continue to fight against fascism and those who give them comfort (Trump). Yeah now it has become a divisive thing. The president has doubled down on it by not wanting to be seen wearing a mask (during a pandemic). He sets the tone for his base.

So now you have conservatives walking around without masks angry at those who are. It’s like “hey I’m walking around so it’s a HOAX!” Nevermind IF they caught it, they would just hush up and use the same ventilators and resources that we all have to use. They are just putting themselves at a greater risk to catch it. Yes, according to Trump, you are! I just want to point out that antifa is a movement not an organization. So Trump wants to criminalize the anti-fascism movement while fascism is on the rise. I am a proud ant-fascist but I am not in any way connected to any antifa groups. Am I now a terrorist? Ha ha. Of course he coulda said use a mail ballot if you don’t feel comfortable going out in crowds.  But he didn’t, because he’s a GOP keep Americans from voting kind of guy. Agreed. But this is what will happen. Trump isn't some mastermind playing 4D chess. He's literally just an idiot. The problem is... Who "fired" first and what are the differences we're talking about here? You have officers with tear gas, pepper spray, bullets of every kind, pepper balls, tazers, full riot and combat gear, some have mail-spec gear and... citizens, especially those who planned a peaceful protest, have very little.

Yes, they must defend themselves, but a lot of what is being done is not defense. It is control. Problems in this country are not going to  be fixed by focusing on one level, but have to be approached from multiple levels: presidential, federal, state, county, city and ultimately, individually. So focusing on the problems of cities ignores the roles/responsibilities of the levels of government (and individuals) above and below that tier. The fact that he and all his kissass idiots are trying to declare that Antifa groups are responsible for the destruction is downright hilarious.  There’s a bigger chance of PETA doing it. Exactly. Way too many times they rush into conflict and shoot first, often against unarmed folks, because they were afraid. Or so they claim. If they had 1/10th the training and discipline the vast majority of the armed forces had we would almost never have such problems. And if we did it would be a big deal - until of course the president comes along subverts justice and gives a free pass and a job to the worst of them. Playing into his hands is being quiet. 

A riot is the language of the unheard. 

The statement: **"No justice, no peace"**, is not a statement of intention, but an explanation of what happens when there is no justice. 

**Justice first...then peace.**

That's not my opinion....it's a natural law of justice. Oh for sure. True. Never-the-less, this is what is going to happen. Mark my words. You’re giving him way, way too much credit for thinking there is a rhyme or reason to his callous stupidity. Supervillains can’t help but to reveal their evil plans. If you’re in Missouri, remember to vote for Nicole Galloway to replace this fool! The economy will not be fixed by November. He's fucked and they all know it. I’m not one to engage with those who hold vastly different opinions but I found this interesting site:

https://ballotpedia.org/Party_affiliation_of_the_mayors_of_the_100_largest_cities

The argument that Republican mayors have less problems can easily be refuted with crime statistics. But most republican supporters don’t allow facts to get in the way of their beliefs.

EDIT to add: old article but refutes this conservative and Trumpian talking point

https://www.thetrace.org/2016/11/homicide-rates-spike-major-cities-democrat-republican-mayors/ Saying it also happens to whites is rhetorical BS.  African Americans are being murdered or beaten every day.  We only see a few of these atrocities thanks to the proliferation of video camera.

Take a look at this page.: [https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/](https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/)

Taking a look at the numbers; 23% of the killing is blacks even though they make up only 13-14% of the population.  If you subtract out "unknown" the killing of blacks killed rises to 29% !

The numbers are clear.  The thousands and thousands of videos showing cops killing unarmed blacks is also perfectly clear (though millions of Americans seem to ignore them). The cops have been hunting our African-American brothers and sisters for far too long and it has to end now. The synagogue shooter was taken alive.

Cops have no excuse to be playing executioner with people in the streets. He’s right.  Cops are trained like soldiers.  It starts there. Cuomo, Whitmer, wolf, & Newsom intentionally murdered hundreds of people by intentionally exposing them to a deadly pathogen. This can in no way be attributed to trump. These 4 are guilty of murder. 1st degree if i am not mistaken. Anytime a politician tells you “not to vote”, you most definitely must “go out and vote”!! I agree. You know what would help is to somehow get guns out of our lives. One reason for all their armor is that it’s so dangerous out there when everyone is armed. Then hire lots more women and people of color. That would take Federal oversight. Way too many bad cops, and other professionals none from city to city and then state to state managing to leave their bad records behind. But yeah the idea that some pissant town with a few thousand people could create and run their own police force well is ridiculous. Especially when they are usually turned into profit centers to harass and raise funds for city coffers vs. protect and serve.

But Federal oversight only works as well as the mostly self serving blowhards in charge do their job. And I'm sure someone would find a way to say it is unconstitutional to have the Federal government stopping our local cops executing folks on the street. 

But ideal we'd have boots on the ground monitoring every arrest until such time cities can prove their cops have reformed and aren't as much of the problem as the criminals. 

And FFS in this day and age is there really no technological solution that can be used to restrain someone quickly and safely?  Other countries (not all) manage to train their cops to deal with and restrain folks even those armed with a knife. The map has really opened up for the Democrats, but I think it's wildly optimistic to think Kansas is truly in play.  It's encouraging that there is even a conversation, but for Kansas to flip would require a blue tsunami. 

Personally, I think Colorado, Maine, Arizona, both Georgia seats and North Carolina are more than in play, but winnable.    A rising blue tide could push Doug Jones over the top in Alabama and possibly unseat Mitch McConnell in Kentucky.  I love what I see from current polling and  I would love to see Susan Collins, Mitch McConnell, Joni Ernst, Lindsey Graham, Cory Gardner and  Martha McSally  all kicked to the curb.   But I'm realistic - there is still 6 months until the election and a lot could change between now and then.  Trump is proven very resilient and his base have an amazing ability to forget his douchebaggery and incompetence, and I'm convinced they love his racism. So let’s vote them out - good call! If respect for the truth was an option, I'd take it. But Joe Biden is known liar. His only saving grace is that he looks great compared to Trump. Yes. Thank goodness. Agree 💯 percent. I agree, I think it's a similar problem with prisons, some things just should not be made privatized/for profit because someone will always take cut costs to profit.  Washington needs to realize Wall St. is not America, the people are America. 

I think, and I"m just guessing, that most of those "medical career" training commercials on TV is about the level of education some of these workers have.  It can't pay very well, so the bottom of the rung places aren't looking for the best, they're looking just for anyone to fill the job.

So many factors contribute, lowering of education in America, bias against the elderly, greed, etc.  

Only way this would get fixed if if the congressional leaders who don't care had to live in those same conditions.  I'd love to see how Trump and McConell would deal with being poor and living in a low tier elderly care home. If their health is at danger, I think it’s perfectly fine they are firing rubber bullets. People are overreacting saying it’s unlawful and things like that when their lives are more in danger now then ever. It happens disproportionately to black men. All the whataboutism in the world doesn't change that fact. FWIW, hundreds of officers have been injured by rioters including 30 in NYC, 15 in Philly and 15 in Richland SC.  Many remain hospitalized.  

Also the office that “rammed The death of an innocent black men is wrong but do you think this ever happens to white people?  There will always be bad cops that abuse their power through the country and the world,  but when a white person or non-black person is mistreated or killed by a police officer it does not make the national news nor cause riots and looting. I've heard there is a place. Galt's Gulch... LOL. Ah yes, the point said loud and clear. Dont vote. I'll win that way. Like the Parkland cops that hid while kids and teachers were being murdered. There are plenty of countries where the society behaves with civility. How about a state licensing board? Like nurses. Hear me out... every town and county has it's own PD, this decentralized structure means that you could have the most progressive highly educated police, practicing modern community policing, de-escalation etc. in one town and in the next town over a gang of jack booted thugs. 

Holistic reform needs a solution that can span this decentralized structure. What federal or state law would be required to implement this? Utopia will prob never exist This should be made into a campaign ad - long before coronavirus he weakened regulations and stopped enforcing those that remained - while soliciting donations from the private care home industry.  Then after COVID-19, he treated senior citizens as disposable. He cheats at golf, he cheats on his wives, he cheats his way out of military service, he cheats his contractors and sub-contractors, he cheats at elections. This.

That "thin blue line" shit is a direct response to the Black Live Matter movement. It only showed up shortly after the Black Live Matter movement began. They say it means that police officers keep our society from descending into chaos, but what they really mean is that police officers are justified in what they do, even if it results in the death of an innocent black man. Yea they think they're all Seal team 6 and citizens are all Osama. Because the right is just as paranoid as DJT. They literally treat him as a god-anything positive that happens, Trump did it. Anything negative? It’s a deep state conspiracy perpetrated by Democrats to destroy him. They can’t believe that he’s done anything wrong, ever. Everything he says, no matter how bad, is excused away as “sarcasm” or “4D chess.” Everything bad that happens is Soros trying to bring him down. Get rid of that festering gash in November and good policy will return very quickly. Obama’s legacy carries that label not simply because of his honourable name, but because the various regulations were good policies that saved lives or saved the environment. Get rid of the fever blister and his ruinations can be mended. It’s long past fucking time to take the military gear off these chucklefucks who LARP as infantrymen. For my family members, this is 100% true. They were very vocal that they voted for Trump because he pissed off the liberals the most, so he must be good. Literally anything that pisses of liberals in their mind is good.

I have an uncle who is posting memes making fun of masks several times a day who also got pissed off that family members won't make him free masks. There's a ton of checks and balances needed right now everywhere, starting with a return to common civility in our society by both law enforcement and citizens. 

There's just been too much rage tolerated for too long.  It does absolutely no good: It doesn't matter if it is a store clerk being attacked or a person passing a bad $20 bill, there is no reason for the abuse of another human being during a simple and normal societal process. 

A person going to jail has every right to be treated with full human rights. And a server in the food industry has a right to work without being screamed at. And people make mistakes, even when they're driving, road rage needs to be addressed with a loss of driving privileges, just zero tolerance for abuse in all forms. Enough of this 'going balistic' crap. This also happens when leaders direct infected patients to be sent to nursing homes to recover. Most do have an aptitude test. The problem is law enforcement wont put you on the street if you score well. But we just got rid of checks and balances on the executive branch.  Why would we start adding them back on now?

/s Profits over people. Trump spins it into being a freedom issue when everyone with a brain knows we have no actual freedom in the usa. Like you can spend your whole life paying off a house and miss a tax payment and get it taken away from you. But suddenly wearing a mask becomes controversial Why do I have the feeling that we are only one step away from Trump trying to convince us he has tied Kim Jong Il’s 38 under par golf score? What's new...when anyone submits an article about Trump also submit a link where people can check their voter status aptitude test***
intense background check
extensive non-family reference check

atleast the military has training Law enforcement, government corruption, lobbying, military spending, senators that refuse to bring bills for a vote and do their job, election interference, president that spends tax payer cash at own businesses and takes holidays more than actually working... 

Lots of room for checks and balances! Big businesses will come out of this a lot better than small businesses A friend of mine's father passed a week ago from "pneumonia"...aka COVID. The whole family was there, pictures and all...today several family members are sick with COVID...oh and BTW, no one tested the father for COVID...and yes, the family had several trump supporters...so sad. I think it started out as this- you legitimately probably could've safely reopened rural areas sooner if there had been an organized federal response of any kind. Then the president layered a bunch of culture war on it with #freeMichigan or whatever and it became solidified as a partisan issue Because they know it's real and coming for them because they're hypocrites, karma ! [https://www.nfg.org/news/breaking-ferguson-activists-meet-president-obama-demand-end-police-brutality-nationwide](https://www.nfg.org/news/breaking-ferguson-activists-meet-president-obama-demand-end-police-brutality-nationwide) Right now we are taking people with authoritative impulses and giving them carte blanche with high powered weapons and paramilitary training and then we stand back wondering why it's going to hell.

We need to raise the quality and caliber of the officers by offering much higher wages paired with requirements of psychology training, de-escalation and interpersonal skills.

We need to make the officers, police each other by holding accountable the individual officers who broke the laws but also the officers who ignored it and did nothing.  They can no longer be allowed to hide behind the thin blue line. Obama had a plan...until IMPOTUS destroyed it...[https://www.nfg.org/news/breaking-ferguson-activists-meet-president-obama-demand-end-police-brutality-nationwide](https://www.nfg.org/news/breaking-ferguson-activists-meet-president-obama-demand-end-police-brutality-nationwide) So? The fuck is a regular cop doing trying to handle an active shooter? Lots of good replies here but this is the one I believe. Once words escape Trumps mouth they become canon for FOX news. Their sole job is to provide backup for that madman. So dude is blasting away school children with a direct injection AR15 with nitrous, cop tells the dude put the boomstick down, dude doesnt, cop shoots, cop fired because they did their civil duty wrong? Joe Biden for President!!  Joebiden.com  Bring back dignity  to the White House, prosperity for the average American, and respect for the truth! What is the oranges of this?  Oranges....oranges...hahahaha

Nice to watch Trump having a stroke on TV. The best real answer I’ve heard:

In democratic areas, you generally live in a populated city, and closer neighbors. Covid has hit your area with deaths as well as economic layoffs. So you see that it’s real firsthand. 

In some rural (red) areas they have the layoffs but haven’t seen the death from cases. So to them, it’s all made up bullshit and they want to get back to work. 

Best reason I have heard. Makes sense on some level. If you kill a person, doesn't matter what was going on, instantly off the Force and barred from being hired again by law enforcement.

Any and all deaths by cop are investigated by DJ officials from out of the jurisdiction where it happened.

All trials against killer cops happen in the jurisdiction the victim lived in. They'll all bid against themselves essentially and end up making things more expensive and no better because of bureaucracy.

Just Trump's attempt to look sciencey. Trump's incompetence us PATHETIC If you take almost any situation and ask "what's the worst possible response" you will arrive at the conservative response.  The only exception is "what will make the rich richer" at which they excel. He's shown just how despicable the GOP is. Reread my comment. Just saying that left is bending reality even more than right on this particular issue. He thinks his possessions define him.  so yup.

He is the poster child for materialism.  Empty vessel trying to fill his soul with stuff, an addict. He's got that in common with Mrs. Turner. Yes, places where lots of people live are generally run by Democratic officials. Please feel free to copy and paste this whenever you see someone on Reddit say “both parties are the same”. This misinformation needs to be curtailed. You're not supposed to say the secret plan out loud. Trump logic. 

Trump controls everything and is amazing. 

If the virus is out of control that means that trump didn't control it and he failed. 

Clearly that can't be true. Selfishness is core to their philosophy, and they can't be bothered to make sacrifices for other people. But the leaders in a majority of the places where the riots are taking place are democrats...? Then end ALL mail in ballots. Every one. 

Conservaties want to keep them for their voters whi generallyy vote more by mail in. Nope. Grandma trump voter has to come out to covid town then if the gop demands it. republicans have always been the political side of big business. if big business is losing $, then we have to put the people back to work, even if we lose some. BUT- they wont be putting their family in harms way......just you and your family. You think the right isn’t bending reality? They elected someone who lies so often Twitter had to mark him as an unreliable source. Being conservative involves a great degree of believing in conspiratorial horse shit.  They will make it up where there is none in order to further their idiotic agendas.  “I’m immune to this virus because it does not exist, it’s just the flu.” Definitely agree. But I feel compelled to note that Cuomo & Murphy both implemented policies that forced nursing homes to accept covid19 patients to lessen the burden on hospitals. The regulations that were removed by Trump would’ve  helped with this but it shouldn’t have been a surprise that nursing homes weren’t equipped or prepared to deal with it which sadly resulted in a lot of deaths at these facilities. Yes.  He. Did. I'm not gonna disagree that trump basically went down the Obama checklist and has attempted to undo everything he did accomplish.


However, I work in EMS and those facilities the article is talking about where not taking the proper precautions anyways. Even during Obama.


A lot of these places are cesspools of filth and neglect. No masks on covid positive patients, no proper isolation gear when dealing with those patients, no isolation ward for those patients. I could rent for hours about these facilities. 

Trump deserves a lot of blame for how hes handled this crisis, but honestly this one is not his fault. In Phoenix 4 People arrested with ties to White Supremacy group, all persons were from out of state. I think /u/wwabc got it right, but the other thing is the health of the economy. It’s Trump’s greatest asset for re-election, and we Republicans admit it that his odds are hinged on it. 

Yeah, Trump might be a racist, but at least the economy is good. 

Yeah, Trump keeps pushing bad trade deals, but at least the economy is good. 

Yeah, Trump might have to be talked out of bombing other countries, but how’s your 401k? 

A lockdown will (has) decimate the economy, and harm Trump’s chances of reelection along with it. Opening the country back up should theoretically mitigate that, at least for the short term. 

That’s the conservative MO: deal with things for the short term, shrug shoulders when shit hits the fan years down the road To be fair since have dropped the facade and would just scream "white power". If Twitter enforced its policies from the beginning, we would not be in this mess. Anybody else notice wherever articles about alt-right posing as leftists come up, there are a bunch of comments defending the alt-right and deflecting?  

I've seen this even on center left subreddits. He never said that.

His comments are being taken out of context.

He was being sarcastic. 

Comments that Trump supporters use to defend him. Salon articles are unhelpful. I believe it, but find better sources and quit propping up a total rag publication. Simply.
The masked believe and accept the advise of medical experts 

And the masked-nots would rather listen to non-medical experts. Because medical experts are out to hurt Trump.. In order to undo the damage by Trump's policies. We need to keep electing a Democrat president for the 20 years. I considered myself Republican once. But once I realized that they were never for the working class I became a Democrat. What do you expect from an android that doesn't have an emotion chip. I bet that he praised police brutality in a private conversation with Stephen Miller, Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity. Many of them think playing 12 hours of Call of Duty equals military service. Seems someone said "what do you have to lose?". 

I think we all know, now If it is any consolation, just think how bad things would have gone if he and his staff had a greater level of competetance It’s a publicity stunt at best. And a disaster for NASA, the non-militarized space force. But maybe that was half the intent. Trump will only add fuel to the fire. That a true leaders listens to the experts and not anti-science groups. This is a great answer. Ty for the response I appreciate it. Type of responses from Trump supporters:

He didn't mean it.

He was being sarcastic. Indeed I am absolutely not a trump supporter but this is actually fake news. There were no changes nursing facilities are still required to have an infection control person. This article also fails to remind there is scope and severity when tagging/citing facilities and it has been that way for years before trump took office. There is a lot that you can blame trump for but this article is a lie. By dragging his feet on the birth cert, Obama opened the door to Trump as a national political figure  


We can do this all day because it's a situation where their philosophy that 'you don't need government, the free market will fix all' fails hard.  Same for environmentalism.  Sometimes you need a good government to provide solutions, and they have worked their whole lives to dismantle it. Because they're fucked up in the way their minds work >Everything Trump touches, dies. 

I wish he’d touch himself a bit more. They have to own the liberals no matter the cost. It's "what aboutism" pure and simple. "Yeah but what about ..." simply says you cannot address the issue at hand. There are subs here that have discussed Biden's behavior, but to respond to a clear outlining of trump obviously deranged and ramaging behavior just means you're ok with it. Well maybe we could get him to touch these riots. Just like that secretary he allegedly murdered You're right. We're all fucking nasty animals. Irrational violence is in our nature. War is not "smart" or "legal." But, time and time again thought the pages of human history, it is only the raw, emotional, rage, death, and smoldering hellscape hangover of such chaos which inspires us to ask ourselves... How did we let our differences get to this point? How can we avoid such terror in the future? But these lessons are short remembered. Where were you April 29th, 1992?

Violence should never be the answer. But, we animals needed to fight The Great War to try and end all wars. Obviously it didn't, because we're dumb fucking animals. 

Realize for a moment how desperate, sad, scary this must be for everyone and stop gaslighting. Mcdonalds..? What kind of Civil War? One that stops criminals from burning down cities? So it wasn't democrat governors who either

1) let covid positive people go into nursing homes (and beat on the elderly in there)

or 

2) Forcing nursing homes to take back their covid possible residents instead of taking them to a hospital

You pieces of shit killed grandma, you have blood on your hands if you support this cruel, disgusting party Trump and the GOP. Let’s not forget the co-signers of corruption! Joe is our next president. Joe is a bumbling fool You're too smart for Reddit Too bad he can’t reach his dick. And his golf courses It does sound like this industry is not very ethical.  The article points to hiring new or maybe even illegal immigrants as part of the problem.

"In recent years, the industry beefed up its profits by exploiting low wage workers, primarily of color, who were often recent immigrants." I thought this was common knowledge.  Why are you defending China?

https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/02/03/wuhan-coronavirus-coverup-lies-chinese-officials-xi-jinping/ King mierdas I believe NickJolter was referring to Bidens habit of touching people inappropriately.

Democrat officials say it's just how Biden is. They claim he expresses himself through closeness, touching and whispers of encouragement.


Since it's a sore subject on this platform its up to you to search the web for Bidens inappropriateness. Don't ignore the realities of the people we may elect. Obama bad; deregulation good! That's *fewer* Trump votes not less Trump votes, Mr. Bloodthirsty. Keeping Dan Patrick in power. Fun fact, by Republican logic, 1) we should call him Dan Goeb like how they called Beto Robert cause "that's his real name" and 2) we should make fun of him for just being a radio host like how AOC is constantly called a bartender because what she did before being elected defines her Yeah, Biden and Trump are *exactly* alike🙄

Stop playing with your home lobotomy kit, ya nut. Show me evidence that they were not. Yes. He just can't comprehend the pain of others. Wrong. Misleading premise its really shows what a little person trump is. Do you need a new TV? Got to be honest... nursing homes have always been a disaster. It isn’t just 1 thing. It’s a bunch of things. Everything Biden touches is conveniently ignored and not throughly investigated Yes. That's how it appears to me. He's uhactually bragged about it. 


Just Google it.



Here's the Full List of Donald Trump's Executive Orders


https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/here-s-full-list-donald-trump-s-executive-orders-n720796


Tracking Deregulation in the Trump Era


https://www.brookings.edu/interactives/tracking-deregulation-in-the-trump-era/


The President Is Winning His War on American Institutions


https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2020/04/how-to-destroy-a-government/606793/ I've seen it happen in my own life.


Personally effected by his careless removal of anything having to do with President Obama. 


As if by doing so, he can erase President Obama or his legacy.


It's sad, pathetic, and shows he does not care. lmfao what? "there are more important things than living" Yes, I too hate it when the uppity folks behave all animalistic! Why can't they peacefully protest by taking a knee or something??? Yeah! Check out all the white supremacist with this business owner! https://twitter.com/Breaking911/status/1266931911445880833?s=19 A slap on the damn wrist if you asked me 40 arrests of what number? Are all shops looted by white supremacists? Has anyone actually looked at the videos? Why political parties in US are such a echo chamber. I checked out the right side subreddits and even they do not bend reality like Democrats. I thought that people aligned with a party are usually blind in my county but us takes a candle. Go and read a little of what is WHO role in regardsto  all diseases in the world ...its not just covid 19 I feel like this is more the perfrct storm combo of modern-day conservatives systematically gutting gov't-sponsored STEM programs/departments in favor of military spending and corporate/wealthy tax breaks, forcing NASA to look to private sources of income and sponsorship among the more eccentric billionaires who directly benefit from aforementioned conservative fiscal policies. No, it’s accurate

This has been discussed for years


You are just invested in your myth Joe will really have his work cut out for him come January. Found the guy who didn’t lose a parent or grandparent this spring. That's your incorrect opinion. 
This conversation is going nowhere. 
So stay safe out there. For how bad it is now it could get worse. It would help to not have such divisive people in power. Anyways, this has become normal in America and it’s why people have had it Obviously you know nothing about the Louisville incident. 
Stay safe. so less boomer trump votes in November, freeing up real estate, and reducing population/carbon footprint... its natural selection, do not impede What aspect are we focusing on here - there's a lot to consider when you think of how bad everything is:

The economy? Farmers? Unemployment? Miners? Manufacturing? Infrastructure? Healthcare? Education? National debt? Environment? Race relations? Policing? Social Media? Which is the real Obamagate. 

All the good that Obama did, which then Drumpf tried to close down. I'll add this to a long, long list of "shit Trump did wrong during the covind-19 pandemic that are costing American lives. " I'm open to the space force stuff as being a potential good.

My hope there is in the long run this could reduce red tape and budget conflicts. When everything is under the USAF banner the in atmosphere stuff is competing for funding with the out of atmosphere stuff.

That could totally backfire too... USAF needs satellite launches for X,Y,Z but the USSF didn't budget for the USAF's requested launch. Or even worse possibility... "What do we need NASA for? Space ops is handled by the military now, and everything entertainment or communications based is just a public service... And no, you can't see our global atmospheric measurements they're top secret" and you've opened the door to killing NASA and our best tools for global climate tracking.


Ok on second thought, that might be a neutral at best decision That kind of certainty requires much more evidence than a poor campaign strategy. Making a fraction of the US population suddenly turn against their own people is a pretty difficult thing to do. Organizing such a movement on the fly would be next to impossible. The only way I can see such a situation being possible is if the US military submits to his command. Even then, however, timely aid from foreign allies could stop that. Even if he manages to become the dictator, what then? What would drive him to overthrow the US? I don't like Trump but baselessly accusing him of trying to become dictator is going too far. YOU ARE NOT WRONG

Sep 29, 2009 
Alan Grayson: Republicans Want Sick People To Die Quickly (VIDEO)
https://www.huffpost.com/entry/alan-grayson-republicans_n_303996

2009
Republicans demand apology from Alan Grayson 
https://www.sfgate.com/news/article/GOP-demands-apology-from-Alan-Grayson-3215900.php


2020--11 years later
Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick--A REPUBLICAN-- said COVID-19 social-distancing restrictions should be eased because "there are more important things than living."
https://nymag.com/intelligencer/2020/04/dan-patrick-there-are-more-important-things-than-living.html He grabbed 'em by the puasy. They let you do that when you're a star. Welcome brother.  Welcome to the right side of history and welcome to sensible America. Republicans aren't happy unless people are dying Protesters don’t listen to people like this.

The celebrities are needed to start to cool people off. Wait..... hold up..... so are you possibly suggesting that trump just gets rid of Obama stuff for no fucking reason and he probably doesn’t even look at the thing he’s getting rid of????? Noooooooooo He couldnt even do Stormy correctly

Stormy Daniels claims Donald Trump lasted 'two minutes' in bed https://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/ny-news-stormy-daniels-donald-trump-two-minutes-20180828-story.html The cops are in on it too, fuck the police, and hang the Nazis What has Trump dine correctly? Is there anything? There are always black block anarchists who go to just create chaos. Thank you for being honest 

Stay Safe No, you’re right. I retract my statement. That’s a whole bunch of hyperbole Covefe 19, hang tRump Explains the guy in the gas mask No, you poor brainwashed idiot

Trump dismantled the pandemic plan and didn’t give shit until the markets started tanking

More Americans are dead because of it

Fuck your stupid numbers games 

What is wrong with you miserable inbred losers? You are broken inside. As for corona deaths here is a tiny list. Italy has about a 5th of the population of America but has a 3rd of the deaths (33k deaths). Spain has around a 7th of the population of America but they have 27k deaths by corona little less than 1/3 of the deaths in America. The UK has a little less than a 5th if America’s population but 38k deaths (little over 1/3 of America) America definitely isn’t doing the best with the virus but don’t act like we are way behind every other country Trump only cares about himself. It should be a record landslide but two things make me nervous 1. Biden isn't a slam dunk 2. Most Americans are dumb as rocks. Is that a serious question? Do you understand how flat-out dumb Palin is? Not only is she an idiot, but she also doesn’t do politics very well. She’s also a terrible orator and has minimal knowledge of current events. Knowing this, let’s see, how many people are on this planet? About 8 billion. So yes, I can actually think of about 7,999,999,999 people who can’t be compared to a Palin pick. Senator Kamala Harris and Senator Elizabeth Warren, to be specific in name, are both well beyond highly qualified for the office of VP. Yeah, we will probably get a better picture after the "fog clears" if you will.

They wil have to look into the past of those arrested to find out for sure, and thats not always easy or quick. Surprise surprise If you want u can tell me what he has exactly done wrong but I would say that giving America the best economy ever before corona was a good accomplishment. Hopefully in the next 4 years he can not only have the economy recover from corona but get it close to where it was pre corona. Also to me one of the biggest highlights of his presidency is that there are 10,000 more factories in America than Election Day 2016 Regarding VP, [it's actually pretty ambiguous](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/former-president-becomes-vice-president/) due to the language of the 22nd Amendment. The amendment mentions that they can't be *elected* more than twice, but doesn't say anything about them being ascended to the presidency. In theory, VP Obama could become president again should something happen to Biden, but wouldn't be able to run for his own term. 

Of course, we don't know how accurate this is because the situation has never presented itself. It would likely take a SCOTUS case, and that can all be avoided by simply picking someone else as VP instead. And you actually included a propaganda link?


Poor idiot No you poor deluded trumpie


Everything trump touches dies



He’s dogshit Trump admin in a nutshell "trump undid all Obama's good policies and a lot of people got hurt and died." This. he touched over 100k people? TRUTH. And another truth is that I SWEAR TO GHERRD I’MMA CUT EVERYONE IF YA DON’T TAKE YOUR LAZY ASSES TO THE POLLS IN NOVEMBER. I don’t care how much you think it doesn’t matter. FUCKING. VOTE. Been waiting for this trump tower moment Did trump not say days ago that we needed increased police and NG presence in big cities? He knew this was going to happen and because nobody listened to him the protest were hijacked by people who just want to loot and riot. The economy is tanking because of a virus (not really his fault) and unless the rioting continues should start picking up within the next month. 


As for other policies you might want to read about [here](https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-biggest-accomplishments-and-failures-heading-into-2020-2019-12) that one list accomplishments and failures

[this one](https://www.promiseskept.com/timeline/) is a more biased source but has a more day to day operation of Trumps administration. 

The biggest problem with Trump is his rhetoric and he has a big mouth. But while he says stupid things he does somehow get things done Trump is a racist you poor idiot


Birther scum



He tweeted a video saying the only good democrat is a dead democrat


The country is burning and the economy is tanking 


You are here on your knees licking his boots about his policies


Wow “his actual policies are good”


You went full stupid Obama is ineligible to be VP and as much as I like him putting him in power again would be a violation of norms and precedent on transfer of power dating back to George Washington. I would like to know who this guy is--

Questions raised over masked white man with umbrella seen calmly smashing windows before Minneapolis riots---Speculation that figure dubbed 'Umbrella Man' may have been an agent provocateur https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/minneapolis-protest-riot-umbrella-man-george-floyd-a9539741.html Protesting is justified. Rioting is not justified at all.

Rioting is violent, illegal conduct that damages people's bodily integrity and property. It's "understandable", but not "justified". It's nasty, animalistic behavior that must be stopped. It is a very likely scenario IMO.  I consider it FAR more likely than the article does, with a 90% chance if/when Trump loses.  Trump has always been a dictator restrained so far by others, and he is not an idiot by any means. She's not even mad though she's just trying to get into the spot light now that black lives matter and black justice has become the headlines again. This situation makes Amy and Harris look like tough VP picks because of their history and justice records, 

SOOOoo Demings is seeing a VP opportunity, and she's not wrong, her odds have increased greatly imho and talking shit to Trump is a great way to get on MSNBC and get back into the spotlight TRUMP downplayed the severity of covid19 in Cih-Nah, pariased Xi - this in spite of intelligence telling him in Novemeber it was bad over there and would spread. US intelligence told allies like Israel China was lying.

If Trump wanted to help Taiwan he could use US influence to include them instead of taking the USA's marbles and going home

This move further isolates the US at a time we need as much good will and allies as possible cooperating in creating treatments and sharing those treatments fairly - instead trump ruins our relations every chance he gets and tried to buy up one company's vaccine in development wanting an exclusive. And considering how they handed out National Stockpile supplies with more going to states that voted for Trump vs states that did not, and how federal aid for coronavirus gave millions per sick person to states like Alaska while it gave around 40,000 per sick person to NY showed it wasn't based on need... My ridiculous dream is for Biden to nominate Obama for SCOTUS Justice. The only senator in the line of succession is president pro tempore, so he’s not ineligible for the senate nor the house of reps, just potentially ineligible for being president pro tempore or speaker of the house. Can we give all black voters 2 votes instead of 1? He loves gold but has the anti-King Midas touch “Some of the 40 arrests” . I’d like to know the actual number, Obama is ineligible to be VP and potentially ineligible to even be a Senator because that could put him in direct chain of succession. Why is anyone waiting for him to do anything right? He's been a complete failure his whole life and we're still waiting for him to be great? Move the hell on and start installing the change we need!!! There is no more time for a fractured Democrat party. Green new deal, healthcare, education, minimum wage, criminal justice reform. Now is the time for overhaul and we have to get mean about it. We are way too damn close to fascism. He wasn't going to get much of the Black vote, but I think that most other minorities will see themselves in his "Thug" remark. So he's lost more of the Mexican-American and Asian-American vote.

And although I don't there are many "compassionate conservatives" left, losing those could contribute to Trump losing in more battleground states.

Plus polls are also showing that Trump is starting to lose seniors as his bungled efforts against the pandemic show his incompetent he and his administration is.

So all he was doing was dog-whistling to his rabid bigoted base, but he won't expand that nor increase their enthusiasm.

All in all, a losing proposition for him IMHO. It does nothing to help Taiwan's interests by pulling out of WHO. It doesn't even help American interests. All it does is bravado, and to show to the rest of the world trump is a whiny SOB. All it does is giving up a seat at the table for no real good benefit or reason.

Okay America pulls out of WHO. Now what? What's trump's next move? What will be *your next move?* You're gonna form a new WHO? With black jack and hookers? How are you going to make others join you? You have a plan to form a coalition? How will you approach this then? You think trump thought that *far?*

This is how children think and handle difficult, complex, multilayered situations. There is no plan, no strategy, no logic, just pure "I don't wanna!!!" Adults should know better. It is so easy to say stuff and do the destructive thing but every time this happens, no one has a plan to do anything else in the aftermath.

Just children in adult bodies. That article is showing how governor newsom is going to cut the budget.  But there is likely federal funding coming to keep that from happening.  

It was an interesting article, but let's not jump to conclusions that the testing is being restricted. Thank you for posting this. Minnesota Officials Link Arrested Looters to White Supremacist Groups
https://www.courthousenews.com/minnesota-officials-link-arrested-looters-to-white-supremacist-groups/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=minnesota-officials-link-arrested-looters-to-white-supremacist-groups So are you saying China was truthful about the virus? They don't have to.  State and local governments have passively obeyed their every whim and legitimized their every crime for three goddamn years.  *Watched* an open Russian spy take over and destroy US institutions while parroting the surreal words "administration" and "presidency."

Suddenly they're going to lead?  Please.  They'll file lawsuits, Trump's kangaroo courts will rule that 2 + 2 = 5, and they'll say "Woe is me, I guess there's nothing to be done.  Better luck next time!" https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2020-05-30/school-leaders-demand-help-on-testing-tracing-for-campuses-to-reopen > Far-right Extremists

Russpublicans. Obama has been proven. 
Can you name one person that couldn’t be compared to a “Palen pick?” It just sounds like too much of a conspiracy theory for me.  If I want to be tested I could.  The tests and test locations are readily available. Thanks Obama. She wants to get rid of him as badly as we do. They are not doing the testing and tracking needed to contain the virus.  They are merely offering testing to people with systems.  This is why we had another 23,000 new cases today.  

He's also discouraged masks, which would stem the spread of the virus very quickly if fully adopted. No, it doesn't.  China was hit first and so the WHO went there to investigate.  China mapped the viral genome, enabling the WHO to begin the race for a treatment and a vaccine.

If the virus had started in India or Romania, the same scenarios would have played out, only they might not have mapped the genome as quickly as China. Petty concerns when the race to get a vaccine is so urgent.  Play your political game when people are dying of a plague. Another Trump tantrum.  We need to be working with the WHO to stop the spread of the Pandemic and find a treatment and a vaccine. Doubtful.  The regime's martial law plans are proceeding right on schedule.

With all the Russian hacking, propaganda, media control, and court subversion, there wasn't going to be an election anyway.  This looks like they're too sadistic to even allow the impression of one. >If there aren't consequences for murderous cops and feckless government, then people have to create consequences.

Such as internet rage? It does seem like the WHO is in with China and is not looking out for our best interests.  I think it is the right move too. I hope Obama is a part of the administration but I really think Biden needs to go with a woman for VP.

Edit: for VP Pulling out of the WHO is the correct move imo. They ignore Taiwanese sovereignty/ignore questions. They definitely downplayed china's role. Honestly this might get me down voted but i would love to hear other opinions so im posting anyways. Same thing, son GFY, chud boy There is free testing near me.  Seems readily available to me also.  I am not sticking up for Trump...but let's not just make stuff up. Gee, I wonder if Trump threatening to shoot looters will effect the vote? Give up on him Nancy. He has never done the right thing as president, and he is never going to Even if it was hacked it's fair because Russia + gop hacked 2016 I was wondering if people who are purged from
voter rolls know they have been purged.  I imagine a lot of people think they are registered but are no longer. They should fear losing them all! [Trump was a NY democratic most of his adult life. He’s actually pretty center left on stuff like this.](https://np.reddit.com/r/AskConservatives/comments/grzvav/remember_this_the_next_time_you_complain_that/fs271ns)

And 

[Trump barely qualifies as a republican, let alone a conservative.](https://np.reddit.com/r/Ask_Politics/comments/gsuc9p/if_the_republicans_lose_will_they_try_to_pass/fs7l0k0) If the Senate finally caves will it be a McConnell condoned mutiny or will it start as quiet conspiracies within the rank and file...like the plot to murder Hitler. It seems obvious to me that President Trump wants to suppress the reporting of the number of cases in the country because he feels it reflects on him.  That  is why he does not press for testing to be available. If testing for Corona virus were freely and widely available, the number of identified cases would jump by a factor of 10.  

The fact that his dereliction of duty has cost many thousands of American  lives means less than nothing him. Ok I just went back and looked at what he said. They first thing he said is that he had the governors back and was ready to deploy THE military (never said his) a little later after the riots he said that the mayor of Minneapolis better get his act together or he would send in the national guard. He received backpack for both comments and was told he was racist.. Now the same people are doing what he said to do a couple days ago They’ll get eaten up in New York. And if they go to Minneapolis, they’ll face the national Guard. Very soon Trump will be gone and Americans will once again be represented by the intelligent. Try as they might, the secret service cannot hope to stop them all. Donald John Trump has proven he is beyond any chance of rehabilitation so there is no other way to end this but with his destruction. No. There would be dead ‘looters’ and people mauled by ‘vicious dogs’ if Trump has his way.. And what policies? He has no policies but pissing people off. Every one of Trump’s policies has to be divisive. Putting one against another. This country will be torn to dystopia if Trump is not voted out. You lie. He said he has got HIS Army ready to move in. So basically red states are the new battleground states. We really have to fuck this up in order to lose huh The riots will eventually stop as its only May (about to be June). I think the key is mobilizing these frustrated people and register them to vote. This is a pretty big jump from "I don't understand Trump's campaign tactics" to "he must be planning to become the dictator". There's always the possibility that he's just an idiot. Saying that it's a nonzero chance doesn't make this excusable. You're insinuating that this is a fairly likely scenario since you thought it was worth bringing up. Trump said 2 days ago to have National Guard mobilized in big cities and was called racist for it. What do you want trump to do? If his advice would of been followed the riots would not be happening and it would just be peaceful protest.... Trump has a loud mouth but his actual policies are good https://bollierforkansas.com/issues/

Climate change, taxing the rich, abortion, protecting Medicare and social security, etc. He rose alright, by saying that the damage was all being done by “Antifa and left-wing radicals”. As if the idiot knows who is responsible. Like what? Forever She’s for a Democratic Senate Majority, which should be everyone’s priority right now. She’s no big P progressive, but she’s be a pretty reliable vote for most progressive issues I think. Not even close to the same thing. 
Do some research beyond the headline. It’s the same thing


Wake up Completely different set of circumstances. Didn’t it just happen last month when police raided the wrong home? Kansan here. Kobach lost because he wanted to continue Brownback’s failed tax experiment, which lost the state tons of money. Schools were hit the hardest as most of their funds dried up. I hope we can get a democratic senator. But don’t assume that just because we elected a democratic governor (AKA anti-Brownback’s policies) that it’ll be easy by any means to win the senate. Focus on what matters to the votes here: jobs, healthcare, education, and taxes. Avoid talking about abortion, guns, immigration, and Trump. We don’t need the perfect democratic candidate who’s going to automatically lose the race. Show me some evidence then of this happening regularly. Incorrect No Hopefully, he will have lost as well.  So what would they really be bailing from?  The minute he becomes a private citizen again, they will have all forgotten about him and act like they didn’t prop up a clown for 4 years. Does it happen consistently?? Pompeo the ultimate boot licker >We win because we have the better ideas.

bingo Yeah, that's been told to me too.  Oh, and progressives and liberals are the ones who suppress progress and equal rights... While I like that sentiment, it's been expressed about at least a hundred things so far, and the republican elite has responded by thinking his vileness just means they can be more openly vile too. He's gonna have to get appointed to some more meaningless board positions at this point, or actually get a job. I'm assuming she's still basically conservative and ethical...  If so, that's a good thing.  Some rational and ethical conservatives are necessary. How is it the norm What progressive policies is she for? WhTs the point of having a (D) elected office the votes/policy are basically the same. Don’t be paranoid. I looked back at my old comments and saw the thread. You do know it’s public, correct? Has nothing to do with an alt. Why did you respond a conversation you were not a part of if you are not using an alt?

You aren’t fooling anyone This is kind of like getting mad at your dog that they can't drive a car. time to rid america of him I want them to jump and still lose.... Never to rise again. Their whole ideology is a lie. Most US voters have the same dream. It's ridiculously easy to uninstall the Twitter app. He is fueling the crisis.  Riots and a social civil war just help with keeping people away from the ballot box. Obama and Biden need to hook up again for another 8 years. This dumpster fire clown show in charge needs to go the fuck away before America dies. I don’t have an alt? That’s childish. Whatever. This is a pointless conversation. All that matters at this point is respect and voting trump out. That's amazing.. link? How many buttery males? One issue is that Republicans have shifted to the crazy right on issues like NATO. 

In the 1970s, you might have been a Jerry Ford Republican. 

I personally preferred Jimmy Carter But was happy that both agreed on so many important things. 

Now, the Republicans try to destroy the Democrats for the abstract joy of doing so, even when that means trashing institutions (NATO) that the Republicans built. 

Maybe you could even go back to being a Republican and try to turn it back into a party that supports limits on the role of government, limits on government spending, and a preference for free markets, in a sane, moderate, kind way. 

But, right now, the only sane, patriotic thing to do is to vote for Democrats. Voting for a Republican today means supporting people who rip babies out of their moms’ arms, put children in concentration camps in the desert, break up NATO, promote Russian dominance, and spend hundreds of billions of dollars whenever that helps the people who bribe them. That stuff has nothing to do with being a Jerry Ford or Bob Dole Republican. 

So, anyway: I think the way to talk about this with your parents is to come at them from the traditional right on defense: “I can’t support someone who’s weakening NATO and handing control over the United Nations. I want a president who believes that America should be in charge.” I'm already seeing conservatives explain that Trump is really a Democrat. Did you respond with your alt by mistake, /u/ocalabull? Shhh...don't bring any attention to it.  Let them go farther right and nominate Kobach.  Give what were once liberal/progressive Kansas Republicans the final reason to leave their party.

Remember in the 80s when conservative (mainly Southern) Democrats became Republicans because the Democratic Party embraced civil rights fully?  It's payback time.  The Republican Party has embraced an extremist right agenda and it needs to be rejected outright by the remaining people with a moral center who once knew the party of Abraham Lincoln as progressive. What are you talking about? My candidate is Biden. You sound like you’re doing more dividing than a lot of others on here. Good So, more internet rage? Yea I know it sucks. I realized that last election and have stopped filling them out. That’s a relief (I think) All emails for surveys and petitions  of politicians and political causes are only a pretext to ask for donations. I highly doubt any of that information is ever even calculated, more less put to use. I think this state missed the 1960s realignment and kept voting on party lines. Hopefully this extremism gets people to finally realize and get back to their founding abolitionist roots, instead of going along with the GOP defending Confederate monuments. No. We can’t let them unperson him like they did GW. We have to new hammering them with him for the next decade or more. The vast majority of the right are cowardly bullies. They may show up with guns planning a race war but if anyone shoots back they'll piss themselves and run to the police for protection. Klobach lost the Governor's race in 2018.  He'd likely lose the Senate race in 2020. Same here in SE KS. Thank for you for fighting the good fight in KC! Over here in MO, need to find a campaign to volunteer with. I’m glad they are starting to call accelerationists for the extremists that they are. >These common sense legislation allow gun owners to be not be hassled by patchwork gun control.

I'm glad that you agree it is common sense to not hassle gun owners with patchwork regulation. But, Shaneen Allen was a victim of patchwork gun control measures. The protections of FOPA are inadequate today.



FOPA established a common standard for *transporting* firearms while engaged in interstate travel along the nation's interstate highways.  The laws in several states were less restrictive; the laws in some states were more restrictive.  States could continue to enforce their more-restrictive transportation laws against people who were not engaged in interstate travel. 

FOPA2 could establish a common standard for *carrying* firearms while engaged in interstate travel. A law that only applies to people using the highway system.  States could continue to enforce their own, stricter laws in the rest of their state; they simply wouldn't be able to enforce them against travelers passing through. 

>States will never do that because some states have less restrictive permits like do a 4 hour class vs some that require actual training.

Oh, some states require far less than 4 hours of class.  12 states have no licensing requirements whatsoever: Anyone who can lawfully possess a gun can carry it and conceal it.

But, for FOPA2, we wouldn't need to adopt this minimal, "Constitutional Carry" standard.  We could select the strictest standards from the 42 "Shall Issue" states, and adopt that as the requirement for "Highway Carry".  My current license would not be sufficient to meet this "Highway Carry" standard, but there would be nothing stopping me from taking the additional classes, range time, and other requirements and picking up a "Highway Carry" endorsement on my permit. 

>You keep saying that 10% like its meaningful.

I do. 

>Studies suggest, however, that only a fraction of Americans who conceal carry actually do so on a routine basis.

That *might* be true, but it is utterly irrelevant here. The nation's 20 million licensees don't need to actually carry a gun to **cast a ballot.** Well tbf Pay Roberts is retiring, so current events will definitely play a factor into who gets his seat. Barbera Boiller appears to be the presumptive Dem nom & the primary is 8/4/20. Putin directed cyber influence to stoke racism in the 2016 election. I therefore wouldn’t be surprised at Russian influence in all these riots. Governor of Minnesota said 80% of rioters in Minneapolis were from out of town.  Couple that with far right and it’s a recipe for destabilization, which Putin has bee in doing to all democracies in the world. You should come to the Kansas sub and post some stuff. There are a lot of Democrats and liberals and progressives there. Dr. Barbara Bollier! I currently work for her campaign and we've been really encouraged by the responses we've been receiving from Kansans and their rejection of the current Trump-GOP. Initially, the state saw this with the Kobach/Kelly gubernatorial race in 2018. 

Don't be fooled, Kansas is still fairly red but I think what has been proven the last couple years is that it is more "purple" than people once thought. As for the campaign, we've been doing everything we can to reach voters through digital platforms, etc. Please keep having hope! Go ahead and run pompeo, a dog catcher would destroy him. This one would hurt the GOP on a profound level. Kansas hasn't had a Democratic senator since 1938. The Democratic candidate now is a former Republican who flipped a few years back, so she has some conservative backers. I'm a kansan and I always say that Kansas really is more purple than people give us credit for, especially after the failed tax experiment that Brownback subjected us to. Our public schools are still desperately underfunded because of him. It hurts the mind just to think about it. ☹️ Trump loves the deflection from Covid, a President who takes the worst possible situation a death and uses it to hide his ineptness as a leader. Does  he help control the situation? No, he adds fuel to the fire by threatening U. S. Citizens ( when the looting starts, the shooting starts ) great words from the POTUS, and when someone gets shot  and killed, then complete chaos will follow, and trump, “ I take no responsibility at all “ I have to believe that after this week, the GOP leadership is looking very closely at the scales. If they abandon Trump, they alienate his cult; if they let him continue they run the risk of losing control of both Congress and the White House. Trump loves the deflection from Covid, a President who takes the worst possible situation a death and uses it to hide his ineptness as a leader. Does  he help control the situation? No, he adds fuel to the fire by threatening U. S. Citizens ( when the looting starts, the shooting starts ) great words from the POTUS, and when someone gets shot  and killed, then complete chaos will follow, and trump, “ I take no responsibility at all “ Kansas just elected a dem governor! They can do it again! Kobach is so radical that *Kansas* has rejected him time and time again. Lost a race for Congress, lost a race for Governor, about to lose a race for Senate. And I love it. And they'll blame it on COVID-19 and voter fraud because they can't see how much we're fed up with their shit over the few people that kiss their asses all the time. The proverbial they can't see the forest through all the trees. He could go burn down a building because that’s what some people are telling me is just Nope, they’ve had 5927194910 chances to do that. Losing Kansas won’t be the tipping point. I knew that meant he can’t block people but does it also mean he has to turn it over when he leaves office?

Because that would be amazing. Run. Up. The. Score.

We win when we mobilize. We win at the dinner tables. We win because we have the better ideas. Or lock arms more tightly in front of Trump to protect him as he refuses to leave office. These ghouls have lost all rights to govern anything. What a fucking shit show things are. Every time the GOP takes the wheel we end up in a ditch. For the sake of our democracy I hope that a year from now this is the case.

Sadly I find it much more likely that they will double down Barack Obama quote:

"If we want our children to grow up in a nation that lives up to its highest ideals, we can and must be better." There's a number of Senate seats in danger for the GOP, which is good for the country Haha oh yeah that’s right the whole fucking state is run by Democrats!  I forgot!  So why would I blame Trump?  He doesn’t have anything to do with Detroit, SF/Oakland, Baltimore, Chicago, etc being complete and utter shit holes. So youre against states right then?  These common sense legislation allow gun owners to be not be hassled by patchwork gun control.  States will never do that because some states have less restrictive permits like do a 4 hour class vs some that require actual training.   Sounds like this lady could have used more being ignorant of really the only law regarding interstate travel and guns. Why would i let someone with that little knowledge or training have a gun in another state?


 You keep saying that 10% like its meaningful. 

Studies suggest, however, that only a fraction of Americans who conceal carry actually do so on a routine basis.  Only 3 million carry every day—about 1.2 percent of the adult population.  So that more than 10% is just some bullshit number. That 1.2% is including states that dont require ccp so even lower than 1.2% of ccp owners. People get them so they dont have to pay for more background checks or have a waiting period.   So youre legislating for that 1%ers.  States already have a choice to accept another states license. Since they don't,  thats the states choice.  

If a federal one that comes into play which may not even be constitutional considering its not codified and normally those rights go to the states by default. It would have to be the strickest law available requiring classes every year for continuing education. Similar to law enforcement requirements.  

Youre talking injustices rectified. Women released from prison because of non threatening case in 45 days when the minimum was 3 years.  The true injustice is the states minimum sentencing laws. Not the gun requirement. If it was considered non threatening than a fine of $1000 or so would have been better.   Thats the true injustice. fler derf? Thought so.

Point proven. Make Kansas bleed again!! We seem to have followed similar paths. Growing up, my entire family was Republican (still are, of course.) As I got a little older I shifted more Libertarian. I framed it as "Republican ideas about money and the economy, but letting people live their lives as they see fit socially." As I rounded the corner on 30, I completed the full shift from card-carrying Republican to progressive Democrat. The key to it all was **empathy**.

It seems like you have discovered this, too. I am glad you did. Oh Klobuchar should def not be veep. She pulled from the same type of voter as Biden. They need to woo the progressive wing of the party to avoid 2016 repeat.  That wing happens to be tough and uncompromising. The centrists want to avoid losing their party to the real wing nuts like the Republicans did. I get it. But I also think you need to throw the progressives a bone considering they are 30-35% of the party, and are asking literally for the boot to be taken off the neck of the poor. Not unreasonable. Herr durr durr! Typical r/politics type.

You can't actually have a conversation.  You also cannot show any proof.

You can only use name calling and bullying to try and push the other person away in an attempt to hide your shortcomings.

I know I said this before but your method is not nearly as effective as you think.  

I would recommend trying to actually listen to people when they talk and have an open dialogue.

I know that is not something you will do as I have seen your post history.

Now insert your name calling and incoherent ranting. So big it fits republicans Yes, democrats are basically republicans.  Welcome. We can only hope

The fact that *Kansas* is in reach is a very good sign That guy doesn't care about *anything*.

Thanks for staying home in 2016, everyone! darn the luck I already told you where you lied you poor trumpie dirtbag lol I never said that. I'm saying it's not the norm. We need about 25,000 11 hour hearings The thing was, I had no idea to stand up against. I haven’t fully agreed with all of Klobuchar’s ideas. It’s unfortunate that this is the reason she’s becoming more unpopular, but either way I would have preferred a different VP. I think it’s pretty obvious that this was going to cause a stir anyways. Show me where I lied.

You are the troll.  I already reported your swearing and name calling.

Go back to r/politics where your harassment is accepted. you do understand that black people are not 25% of the population right? That's something that you can understand? Because using this statistic as if it somehow shows Black people are not killed disproportionately is ridiculous. Try again. You are here to smear other Democrats you aren’t fooling anyone

That type of privilege is what helped trump win the first time


Your candidate didn’t win, GTF over it and get rid of trump first


Stop wallowing in self-entitlement This is not the correct take.  And certainly not the way to welcome someone. If comments are removed instead of tagged or called out how does anyone know the difference? You don’t win hearts and minds this way. If your ideas can’t stand up to obvious bullshit how strong are they? You lied and accused people of advocating violence 


Each of your comments is being reported for harassment Welcome to the big tent! Perhaps you should go back to r/politics where your name calling is common place.

I am trying to have a civil conversation.  Why is it that you resort to name calling and deflect from the subject at hand?

How does name calling enhance your stance?

I think it actually has the opposite effect. Run along, trumpie dog 🐕 The Democratic Candidate, Barbara Bollier, has raised a ton of money so far and is backed by former Gov. Kathleen Sebelius. None of her GOP opponents have raised nearly that amount of money. There is no need for name calling.  Please be civil. The other commenter never advocated violence you dirtbag trumpie liar If Republicans lose this seat watch them bail on tRump like rats from a sinking ship. I was asking for the other commenter to stop advocating for violence.  

I am not sure how that means I support Trump. And many of the remainder would only pass it if it were conducted in Russian. I never was the type that follows Trump no matter what. He was always a terrible human. A lot of Trump supporters would fail a Turing test. So, this is what it took? Not the 3 yrs of lies (10k+?) Not the racism? Not the misogyny? The thousands of ethic violations? The emoluments violations? The nepotism? Not the Mueller Report? Not the obstruction? Not the impeachment? Not the sullying and staining of our constitution and office of the president? The sheer depth of ugliness and hatred and stupidity? What a great opinion.  Let's make this guy president for 8 years so he can have the power to do something about it.

&#x200B;

oh.

&#x200B;

I see. That’s not what you said though


Are you going to keep this charade up? If you haven't found them yet there are 50 count boxes of the style shown in the thumbnail available on Amazon for $30. With prime delivery they come in two days. They are one of the few items we've received on time since this started so they are a good bet. Search "masks for germ protection" and they are the first option. Good luck and thanks for doing your part! Stay safe and healthy internet stranger. I disagree with how situations were handled. I’m also disappointed. Am I not allowed that? They deserve to lose a lot more than that. Be aware that some of the Nazi incel spewage is Russian pot-stirring.  Though they obviously have a receptive audience. You didn’t “disagree” or jusr say you were “disappointed”.

So please don’t lie to squirm You don't need to pick a party. You just need to think for yourself. The republicans, or the vast majority of them, have gone crazy in their blind following of Trump. Resist! They did go on a lengthy diatribe about wanting to go there to shoot (black) looters. Those posts were left up. In tRumps ameriKa it is... Clearly "oppressive government" means "random citizens with signs."

Such a terrible foe must be defeated! Pity this couldn't have happened before the city burned. There is a 15 percent false negative... Yep. I can think of any great nation that so willfully chose collapse. I posted this in a far right sub that always talks about using their guns to fight against oppressive government and...
they immediately deleted it. >I have always been someone who fought for other people's rights. Never was one to blindly accept and politician. I just want freedom; I don't want to fear the government and I want them to take care of people when they need help.

Well you're absolutely not a republican. Something HAS to give. We often think of political belief in a 2 dimensional left-right sort of fashion. But it's much more complicated. Think of it in terms of multiple axis -- economics, world affairs, social justice, social freedoms, role of governments, and probably a few I'm missing. 

My point is even within the world view of "libertarian" , there are many places where we can still collaborate. Just for example you may still believe in keeping government out of economic life, but believe strongly in social justice and freedoms. We welcome you and your efforts in the fight to make this a better nation where we *all* have life and liberty! 

A key word on that sentence is effort. Whatever you feel over the next few months, please act-- get involved in campaigns as you can, vote and get others to vote. Acton can sooth anxiety.  

Cheers! I wish there was no one killed or murdered but to say it's the norm is a little to much. Sure there are racist  cops out there and I don't understand a racists logic at all.
Some stats I've read on police killings. 
Since 2015 there have been 4700 people killed by law enforcement with that being 2300 white 1200 black with Hispanic and other the remainder.
Still way to many. 
Keep safe. Did you see what my original comment was before that? It’s ok to disagree with a Democrat. I never once smeared anyone. I’m disappointed in Klobuchar. Is that not allowed? Flynn You’re asking me to speculate. You’d have have to ask them that, but i’d imagine so. A random civilian killing someone is quite different from a deemed justified police killing Wait one of the richest men on the world is pro big oil? That's soooo surprising! Then why does it keep fucking happening Would the same GJ decide differently if they didn't know the suspect was a police officer given the same set of relevant facts? I am so happy that you openly share your beliefs despite the fact that they clash with your family’s. 

I am also very glad that you stopped supporting a party that has become a symbol of cleptocracy, racism, and ignorance and lost the roots that made Lincoln its president. One day, GOP might become a Center-Right party that attracts more Americans. But today, it looks more like a party that Nero would’ve thrown while watching Rome burn. I don’t believe she said anything, as she absolutely shouldn’t have. That would be extremely unethical and unprofessional, as the grand jury decision is supposed to be impartial and based on evidence and nothing else. So as a Senator, her stated opinions on the matter might have carried some weight. What were her remarks on the record at that time? And if you would be kind enough to show me where I can order a 30 day supply of N95 masks, I'd be happy to wear them. r/joebiden come help us replace Trump in November! Having grown up in red Texas, I went through something similar years ago. My personal opinion on the healthiest way to view this epiphany you've had, isn't to realize you're a democrat - but to realize that right now, your values and worldview line up better with Democrats than Republicans. It means you're an empathetic person that believes in both personal freedom, and personal responsibility. In short, you're a good person. I think it's best to not think of those traits as tied to a party, so much as that there's one party that you're more aligned with than another.

I hope that doesn't sound like splitting hairs. I just think identifying as either a democrat or republican (or any other party) should he secondary to what kind of person you think you are. 

I really hope that made sense. r/joebiden come help us replace Trump in November! r/joebiden come help us replace Trump in November! r/joebiden /r/<joebiden> R/joebiden congrats and thanks for finally wising up. thats as nice as i can be at this point. Fuck you liberal scum Because he’s a fraud looking to make a “muh both sides!!” argument That "cowboy" is a city slicker with a charge account at a western wear shop. I don't even listen to anyone using terms like "liberal" or "progressive" unless they have published a fixed definition of the term and use it consistently. And you know this how?...😆 Yeah and the Clinton/Sanders ticket would have been unstoppable too, but politicians don't listen to my advice. Indeed ! We're going to have to wait it out. 2021 or possibly 2024. It's everyone for himself already, has been for a while. Stay alive, and stop worrying about how many people will die. Your responsibility is to not be one of them, nothing more.

There's really no hope for anything else, just that any given one of us might outlive Donald Trump, if we even really want to. We very well may find ourselves surviving only to envy the dead. So, you don't believe Richard Smith but I will make any bet anyone here can cover that you can't prove Biden didn't take part in any civil rights demonstrations in the 60s, and in any case I see no claim that he has violated Twitter's terms of service, so we're done here. My idea of being a democratic was passed on to me from my father. He was a hard working first generation American, born in 1918 in the middle of the Spanish Flu which already took his older brother.  As he grow the great depression hit he helped out the family as the oldest child, withdraw from high school for work in the 11 th grade. As time marched on so did dad, marched as in WWII .After the war it was into a mill in Pittsburgh. The rest was EZ street except for the strikes  (for fair wages, decent health care) Dad told me about a giant "FDR".  My father pension after 28.5 years in the mill (a small mill, AM Byers) was 58 dollars a month so u see FDR'S social security was great for mum and dad. Being born in 1918 dad was a notch baby - meaning he had a preminate cut to his SS to pay for WWI. Dad loved life and his family, loved working hard and love the Democrats  ( the lefty kind that did for regular people like FDR). And his national security advisor literally commit treason within the first few hours after the inauguration. Lol Haha! For context I am a US citizen that lives in Australia and I would constantly hear from Australians about how terrible they think the US, using Trump as an example. I was so sick of people talking down on my country based solely on the news and having never been there. My defence was to the US and therefore included Trump. My thoughts were, there’s nothing I can do to change the fact that he’s president for the next 4 years so I might as well remain open-minded about his policies and give him the benefit of the doubt.
Narrator: she no longer gives him a benefit of the doubt She wasn’t even DA at the time.

Keep lying that will defeat trump in November I like the slate star codex example on libertarianism and the cooperation problem from the FAQ posted there. Also kind of applies to anti regulation Republicans. Copied below:

> As a thought experiment, let’s consider aquaculture (fish farming) in a lake. Imagine a lake with a thousand identical fish farms owned by a thousand competing companies. Each fish farm earns a profit of $1000/month. For a while, all is well.

> But each fish farm produces waste, which fouls the water in the lake. Let’s say each fish farm produces enough pollution to lower productivity in the lake by $1/month.

> A thousand fish farms produce enough waste to lower productivity by $1000/month, meaning none of the fish farms are making any money. Capitalism to the rescue: someone invents a complex filtering system that removes waste products. It costs $300/month to operate. All fish farms voluntarily install it, the pollution ends, and the fish farms are now making a profit of $700/month – still a respectable sum.

> But one farmer (let’s call him Steve) gets tired of spending the money to operate his filter. Now one fish farm worth of waste is polluting the lake, lowering productivity by $1. Steve earns $999 profit, and everyone else earns $699 profit.

> Everyone else sees Steve is much more profitable than they are, because he’s not spending the maintenance costs on his filter. They disconnect their filters too.

> Once four hundred people disconnect their filters, Steve is earning $600/month – less than he would be if he and everyone else had kept their filters on! And the poor virtuous filter users are only making $300. Steve goes around to everyone, saying “Wait! We all need to make a voluntary pact to use filters! Otherwise, everyone’s productivity goes down.”

> Everyone agrees with him, and they all sign the Filter Pact, except one person who is sort of a jerk. Let’s call him Mike. Now everyone is back using filters again, except Mike. Mike earns $999/month, and everyone else earns $699/month. Slowly, people start thinking they too should be getting big bucks like Mike, and disconnect their filter for $300 extra profit…

> A self-interested person never has any incentive to use a filter. A self-interested person has some incentive to sign a pact to make everyone use a filter, but in many cases has a stronger incentive to wait for everyone else to sign such a pact but opt out himself. This can lead to an undesirable equilibrium in which no one will sign such a pact.

> The most profitable solution to this problem is for Steve to declare himself King of the Lake and threaten to initiate force against anyone who doesn’t use a filter. This regulatory solution leads to greater total productivity for the thousand fish farms than a free market could.

> The classic libertarian solution to this problem is to try to find a way to privatize the shared resource (in this case, the lake). I intentionally chose aquaculture for this example because privatization doesn’t work. Even after the entire lake has been divided into parcels and sold to private landowners (waterowners?) the problem remains, since waste will spread from one parcel to another regardless of property boundaries.

> Even without anyone declaring himself King of the Lake, the fish farmers would voluntarily agree to abide by the pact that benefits everyone.

> Empirically, no. This situation happens with wild fisheries all the time. There’s some population of cod or salmon or something which will be self-sustaining as long as it’s not overfished. Fishermen come in and catch as many fish as they can, overfishing it. Environmentalists warn that the fishery is going to collapse. Fishermen find this worrying, but none of them want to fish less because then their competitors will just take up the slack. Then the fishery collapses and everyone goes out of business. The most famous example is the Collapse of the Northern Cod Fishery, but there are many others in various oceans, lakes, and rivers.

> If not for resistance to government regulation, the Canadian governments could have set strict fishing quotas, and companies could still be profitably fishing the area today. Other fisheries that do have government-imposed quotas are much more successful.

> I bet [extremely complex privatization scheme that takes into account the ability of cod to move across property boundaries and the migration patterns of cod and so on] could have saved the Atlantic cod too.

> Maybe, but left to their own devices, cod fishermen never implemented or recommended that scheme. If we ban all government regulation in the environment, that won’t make fishermen suddenly start implementing complex privatization schemes that they’ve never implemented before. It will just make fishermen keep doing what they’re doing while tying the hands of the one organization that has a track record of actually solving this sort of problem in the real world. Lol, remember all the hot takes in the beginning of his presidency?  "He's gonna pivot! He's definitely gonna pivot!" Welcome.  We're a big tent, we just look down on racism, sexism and most other isms.   


If you care deeply about justice, read this

https://joebiden.com/justice/


And I'll let you in on a little secret; most of us are capitalists, we just want it regulated (just like Adam Smith, the father of modern capitalism) and we want a strong safety net, so the poor can be housed, get an education, healthcare and food.  

And for every dollar we put into social welfare for children, it pays back $7, so it also has the benefit of making the future better for the whole country. A good portion of the population believes the Trump lies.  Some of them know they are useful lies.  Some of them are doctors. Yeah, sounds about right.  
Welcome. Seems as though I’m going down the same path. Currently very libertarian and I don’t see myself going down the path as a democrat That’s what WALL•E was really cleaning up for all those years. Coming from the person who if would’ve held them to Justice years ago wouldn’t have had the chance to kill a man in broad daylight. You’re a typical shit trumpie liar and I will be sure to get your comments reported You’re full of shit You’re a lying trumpie trying to deflect your President promoting the murder of Americans  No one here is part of a problem. Nobody tried to do that or did that. >. But isn't the issue here that twitter will be now known as a publisher,

The relevant laws don't differentiate between a "publisher" and a "platform."  Twitter, CNN, Facebook, Reddit, or any other website cannot currently be successfully sued for libel/slander based on the content that a user puts on the site.  

It doesn't matter if they curate the content and remove anything they don't like.  A person could attempt to sue whoever posted a particular tweet for defamation, but it wouldn't get far if they tried to sue Twitter.

> For example, CNN was sued and lost for the convington incident.

This is because CNN was the originator of the material under dispute.  Sandmann's claim was that CNN created and distributed (by written word and spoken word) false information that harmed his reputation.  The Section 230 clauses that protect Twitter would cover what a user posted in CNN's comment section, not what CNN produced themselves.

> In this new classification that kid could sue Twitter.

Trump doesn't have the authority to strip Twitter of these protections.  They are part of a law and it would take another full-fledged law to open Twitter up to these types of lawsuits based on what its users post. You can just vote D and not tell anyone. Every.  Single.  Year. **Thank you.**

Not for your switch in party affiliation, but for critically thinking and willingness to change based on new information. It is wildly easier said than done, especially if the switch contradicts a major aspect of your upbringing. I think a lot of people, especially those who are older, are reluctant and even fearful of admitting to themselves that their moral code no longer aligns with their party. 

Both parties and the system itself have massive problems, but regarding policy, humanity, and overall competence, I’m glad you’re on our team ☺️ So, like, what, the first 15 seconds? Welcome!

Democrats are not all the same.  Our views vary, hence the fierce primary.

Broadly, I'd say we are fiscally moderate and socially liberal. Liz will not be VP and no ones “progressives” (i.e. Bernie supporters) anything.

Anyone who claims to be liberal or progressive but still needs something in order to vote,

is a total fraud Oh that’s right - a great bonus. According to the courts, as he has been using this account in performance of his job, it is an official Presidential account as well.  I posted the links to the decision in another reply yesterday. She’s also from FL Why are you such a shit liar? The best piles. Everybody is taking about them. And yet it happens all the time Because it is This is horrible Maybe you shouldn’t smear Democrats and then be a hypocrite and whine about “division” when it’s clearly against the sub’s rules. Maybe you clowns should stop peddling lies because your privilege didn’t entitle you to primary votes.

Trump is hurting people and the country is hurting.

Here you are whining that bros aren’t allowed to smear yet another Democrat. Congrats on the switch. I'm sure it isn't easy. The reason laughing at others because of the colour of their skin is because you aren't racist, and your family, well, are. 

I think it's a bit sad that you have to ask people to be kind, because it speaks volumes about how Republicans treat others. You can probably relax a bit with Democrats I imagine. FOPA was established in 1986. At that time, there were only a few states that issued concealed carry licenses. <1% of the population was licensed to carry. 

The transport provisions of FOPA were established as a common, national standard, to protect gun owners from a patchwork of confusing state-level transport regulations.

Now, gun owners are once again subject to a confusing patchwork of state-level regulations, because the existing law does not adequately recognize the current state of gun use. Allen was arrested not because her actions posed any sort of criminal threat, but because the law didn't recognize her inoffensive behavior as inoffensive.  The law improperly and needlessly criminalized her behavior, just as the patchwork state-level transport laws did prior to FOPA.  FOPA is now failing to accomplish the purpose for which it was established. FOPA needs to be updated, keeping in mind that >10% of adults are now licensed to carry concealed weapons. 

"Common Sense" says that if applying the written law results in injustice, the law should be modified to eliminate that injustice.  A truly common-sense approach to gun control demands that many current gun restrictions need to be relaxed. 

>They don't need to allow you to brandish it in public.

I don't think you understand how "concealed" carry works. No concealed carry license in the nation allows a permit holder to "brandish" their firearm in public. Unelected Trump-monkey. Just to add, many people I know say they are republicans because of fiscal reasons.  Basically saying Democrats are Tax and spend. Democrats are much better for the budget, much better for the economy, and much better for reducing the National Debt.  Republicans only prop up the economy in the short term by borrowing so of course it’s going to look good.  Borrowing against my kids and grandkids.

(Some borrowing is fine, but we should borrow in down times and the pay it back during good times. ) ...and fascism. Underrated comment. Astute observations, thanks I mean to an extent... 

Politics and voting a fundamentally social exercise. It’s not a religious or spiritual ritual. It is a dialogue with others and a statement about how you want your representatives to conduct government to serve you *and* the whole community. DeSantis has been sweeping the numbers under the rug for somet ime now and he fired that one lady that wouldn’t misreport the numbers on the state website

He might be in legal jeopardy with this is all over Good for you! Be sure to vote in November, and not just for the President but for downballot democrats as well. We need more people who will vote in every election, including local elections MLK defined riots as “the language of the unheard” I grew up in North Central IL in the middle of the land of racism, hypocrites, alcoholics, and people willfully blinded by their own stench of ignorance. My dad is a vet (drafted) from the Vietnam era and still talks and acts as if the world owes him a big f'n favor. Additionally, he's probably the most obtuse person I've ever know.  He is a Trump supporter and will defend literally *anything* he does or says even when it's obviously wrong.  Him and others in my family seem to communicate by criticizing others, complaining about pretty much everything, and always making comments when they notice people of color. I think I'm still dealing with the emotional fallout (probably apparent) some 15 years after I moved out. For some reason, even as a young kid, judging others and saying derogatory things about people of color in an attempt at humor, never set well with me.  It took me awhile to come to this realization, but I find myself identifying more with the left than the right, especially in this day and age, even after growing up a very conservative environment. 

In your closing remarks, you pleaded for readers to be kind, which you don't have to do, ever. If someone, anyone, doesn't like what you have to say based on what you truly feel is right, fuck them. I interpret this as evidence of being shell-shocked from possibly witnessing others verbally making similar affirmations, as mentioned above, to or around your family. I can relate to this very well. I grew up essentially in fear of expressing and sharing my concerns regarding politics, society, government affairs, etc. My old man, especially, acted as if he was a dictator of our family. He would become so enraged and start yelling (and still does) anytime somebody disagrees with him politically.  This gave me a lot of anxiety, which I feel I'm still recovering from. 

No one should have to live in fear for speaking their personal truths around their family.  If this is the case, then it's time to move on from your family. I am old enough to know that there is no reason to keep toxic people in your life, friends and family included. If anybody doesn't respect you for your opinion, especially after you provide your reasoning for holding such an opinion, wash your hands of them and move on with your life.  This is especially true if you're financially successful and functionally independent. 

There will come a day when your family elders will need you much more than you need them. As such, you shouldn't feel the slightest bit of remorse for seeing less of them to protect your own mental health and, the health of your kids.  You are your own person. You have your own interpretations of the world and you have the *right* to form your own opinions based on your best judgments.  You owe nothing to anyone for holding such opinions, but you do owe it to *yourself* for forming them. I would encourage you do not be bashful about expressing your beliefs when the moment arises. If your family and your friends can't accept your perspective that's their problem, not yours. Political beliefs are wrapped up in one's worldview. Unless you see that your parents are thinking about changing theirs, it's best not to bring it up. Even when people disagree with their own political party, they're often reluctant to change because of the domino effect to everything else. There’s a separate “official” presidential twitter feed. He’s using his personal account. That can happen if you’re an idiot. I mean the list is endless. If you can’t see he is more immoral an modern candidate ever then not sure what Anyone can say to convince otherwise There’s a difference between things you don’t like and straight up lies meant to ruin someone’s reputation Stop supporting violence. Didnt he delete the server AFTER  having it been subpoenaed by the courts? Thats not advocating violence.

I personally don't think violent or nonviolent measures will have a impact on him. 

See how you were obviously wrong? I think we are miscommunicating, or maybe I'm wrong. But isn't the issue here that twitter will be now known as a publisher, so like CNN for example, and not a place where 3rd party content is posted. For example, CNN was sued and lost for the convington incident.  In this new classification that kid could sue Twitter. But last week couldn't. I quoted you advocating violence.  

Not sure how that is lying....but good luck with that.

I can see me quoting your words back to you has only infuriated you.  Perhaps you now need to go loot and riot.  That is how it works right? Don’t forget the oaths he took to the wives he cheated on, and the thousands of business agreements he violated .... That in no way advocates violence. 

Why are you lying? Are you that angry that you have to lie?

Please calm down and discuss what I'm saying and think clearly. Republicans had a unified government three times (I think?) in the past 20 years, and what laws/Executive Orders did they pass to stop abortion Once And For All?

<crickets>

But when they’re the minority and need to fundraise and get out the vote it’s THE BAYBEEZ!!!

It’s so transparently cynical. "Nonviolent measures will have no impact on him. Unfortunately."

I am not angry.  I just am pointing out nonviolence is best and resorting to violence is not the answer.  You keep disagreeing with me.  I am not sure why you want violence.  Feel free to explain yourself. It’s not normal but the media and democrats hype it up like black people are the only race that’s killed in this country. Only way the dems win is to keep us divided and to keep the blacks as victims so they continue to vote for dems. Sad honestly... RIP George Floyd everyone thinks this was an unjust murder and want justice not just democrats but they along with the media want you to think everyone is racist. Divide and conquer! United we stand divided we fall and the democrats continually try to divide us along with the media and number of other global liberal interests. Your political beliefs are for you and for you alone. You don’t have to say anything to anyone if you don’t want especially when it comes to voting. Who you vote for is a very personal thing in my opinion I am worried all the rioting and looting is going to keep spreading the virus.  A lot of the pictures show people without masks.  It's bad enough to destroy a city but now they are also risking lives from spreading covid-19. Rubbish editorialized thread title. If you actually read the story, (a) it's just three former supporters profiled, two of whom are still "not sure" about whom they will vote for in November, and (b) the reason they're abandoning Trump is his rejection of science during the pandemic, not the way other supporters of his are discounting the deaths of the elderly. Where did i advocate violence? 

Your stance seems really thin and you seem to be goading me? How angry are you actually? Do you support rioting and looting?

Peaceful protests have shown to be successful and our current government is very willing to listen to them. I’ve always kept my political beliefs to myself when it comes to family. Good on you for coming to your own realisations. So many of us are brainwashed by our parents in an effort to maintain a good relationship with them. If I were you I would just not talk about politics with them and then vote however you like come Election Day. I consider myself open minded and even stood up for Trump at the beginning of his presidency but now too many things have happened and there’s just no way I can vote for him after everything he has said and done. Three people a day.  992 in 2018 You seem angry and are advocating for violence.

My stance is that violence is not the answer. Wow, nice to see the trolls spreading lies in this thread.

It's almost as though they think she is a likely VP pick and they are desperate. Combination of bad reporting and poor phrasing.  And in some cases intentional misreporting.  I wouldn't have any problem getting rid of police unions and jury trials for all police misconduct.  It should be part of their contract.  It should be a quick trial in front of a judge with an appointed attorney, and triple the punishment for any law enforcement personnel.    I am all for giving law enforcement lots of powers and money (salaries should be tripled or more).  But when they abuse their power, they should be punished very harshly with minimal due process. Idk what’s going on either. It’s very annoying. There are a *ton* of news articles stating that Klobuchar "didn't bring charges" against the police officer.  It's a little infuriating because that's technically true.  She didn't bring charges because she had moved on to the Senate already.

For whatever reason, many of the root news stories incorrectly reporting this are British.  [The Guardian](https://www.independent.co.uk/us-election-2020/amy-klobuchar-vice-president-joe-biden-george-floyd-derek-chauvin-a9539501.html) and [The Independent](https://www.independent.co.uk/us-election-2020/amy-klobuchar-vice-president-joe-biden-george-floyd-derek-chauvin-a9539501.html).  Many [other outlets](https://www.blackenterprise.com/amy-klobuchar-denied-prosecuting-officer-at-center-of-george-floyds-death/) have cited to the Guardian. Everyone has to vote. 

Or it will likely be the new normal. Hopefully WHO and also our allies across the world are just holding off and waiting to see if we can get rid of this scourge of an administration. We can make it up to all of them later. It’s getting fucking bad. Almost every comment removed for “dividing” yet it’s creating more division. So she broke the law and your argument is that she should be above the law.  LOL!  That 1/10 is still pretty high for people with firearms.  Considering you need a background check to even get one. This is common sense gun control because not all states agree with you and interstate travel made this provision for you to have your firearm. They don't need to allow you to brandish it in public. Umm...this is like the 3rd or fourth step toward justice after the first few failed because of prosecutors and the police union. I like that you're masquerading as a Democrat while also commenting a ton on conservative subreddits I laughed my ass off, why didn’t he just tweet that crap?  Did the poor widdle guy need some yummy camera time or what?  Useless media whore, let him hold some stupid bumpkin rallies, spread COVID like he wants, and keep him off the airwaves.  And tell Ivanka to get busy with him to stop his idiotic tweets for an hour or two every day.  Damn, is that too much to ask? I ridicule a massive racist liar who stokes racial fires and makes rash decisions with consulting zero professionals. 

Show me where I became that? 

Be careful to not become a troll while pretending to make a point. The others should be in custody, too. Proojjeeeeecccttttiooonnnn. Also been posted elsewhere but "If we want our children to grow up in a nation that lives up to its highest ideals, we can and must be better."  -  Barack Obama  Most undemocratic thing in the world to remove comments you don’t like. He’s also retweeted a video recently of someone saying “The only good democrat is a dead democrat.”  

So, it’s not _just_ African Americans.  He wants violence against democrats, too! Yeah Covid is very weird virus for sure. Also has been posted elsewhere but "Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." -jfk Kemp is a lying pig.  Shocker, right? Yes exactly. I’ve had people tell me she should’ve done something despite the grand jury ruling. Like 1. she didn’t have power to do anything and 2. yoy can’t prosecute after the grand jury ruled it was justified.. It's really disturbing how many people on Reddit apparently dislike living under the rule of law. Eliminating grand juries would be a terrifying development. Nothing says take me seriously like burning down buildings and stealing a tv. > Troll and blocked

Lol That's getting attention.  Police kill about two people a day in America. There were 4 complaints while she was attorney. 3 were about conduct, which is up to the police department to decide, not the law. The fourth was about the killing of a suspect that happened at the hands of 6 officers, including Chauvin. The case went to a grand jury who decided not to take up the charge as it was deemend justified, but Klobuchar was a senator by the time it went to the grand jury as the incident happened late december, close to the senate inauguration This virus can kill some and not phase others. I’m not a virologist but I can’t think of any virus than can go undetected because there were no symptoms. This has been mentioned elsewhere but peaceful protests have been attempted.  This is the result of years of deaths that have had no justice. What were the ones she couldn’t review? I have seen this thread picked up in a couple locations Putin kills his own people, and Trump works for Putin. They already murdered one guy this week. And any whites who support them. In an alternate universe, Jason Chaffetz is writing Articles of Impeachment against President Clinton for the 11,000 Americans who died during the Pandemic. Absolutely agree. NPR has a great article recently about states that were testing everyone (or large random samples) and finding tons of asymptomatic cases. Good quote.

I just wish more showed restraint.  We shouldn't let anger get the best of us.  The violence undermined all the peaceful protestors that were doing the right thing.  They were getting their point across.  Now everyone is just focused on the riots. You’re right, and we had better step up the testing process if we’re ever going to count people who were infected but asymptomatic. 

This will make a fascinating book one day. I loved the Great Influenza 1918/1919. It was so factual but in a way that you just couldn’t put it down. I thought this quote from Elie Mystal summed it up well:

>“This country could be on fire almost every night in almost every city. It’s not, because most black people in this country choose to exercise tremendous restraint. Most black people are still willing to talk this out. Most black people have the courage and fortitude to withstand the violence done against us without lowering ourselves to the level of an American police officer.” Amy did absolutely nothing wrong. She wasn’t even an attorney anymore when the 6 officers killed the man with a knife That’s a lie NOOOOOO 

Stop spreading this. Klobuchar was a senator when the charges were dismissed for the killing of the man. The prior charges she didn’t prosecute were not legal offenses Be careful not to become what you ridicule. Kemp is a crook. That is all. It’s a tough time alright. 45’s pathetic addresses to the nation do nothing to provide comfort and confidence. We have to rely on Governors, Congress, public servants and each other right now. 158 days to voting day... They've called his bluff. Looting continues but the military has not taken their orders from the tweet and they're not shooting. That was a great sentiment 90 years ago. Here's [a collection of cases that you can start with.](https://www.eff.org/issues/cda230/legal)  I think that you'll find the protections for websites hosting third-party content is fairly strong. [I wish that would work, but how will you peacefully get rid of more than 390 million firearms. And simultaneously start protecting vulnerable communities? ](http://imgur.com/a/OoxXhaJ)

Under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered; any attempts to disarm the people must be stopped, by force if necessary.

Karl Marx More guns = more violence. How about getting rid of the ones you have. = less violence. Our reputation is destroyed internationally. 

We may never recover as nation's will not trust us to have stable leadership in future terms. It's horrible to experience. I'm glad everyone carries a camera now and this is being brought to the fore., But it still horrible. So why are you targeting Klobuchar, instead of the governor, the entire state legislature, the president, the media, the grand jury who declined to convict, etc. Why is this burden being put on her? I'm not rioting myself. And I'm not sure there is a solution, beyond voting. Jimma Hoffa would like a word. Get it together people. ffs. It was. But do not forget that this all started with the contract on America and the neocons. This iteration of is simply the culmination of that plan. The first big move was 1998 and the healthcare plan. The second was the 2000 election. This was supposed to be the final thrust but we got lucky and they picked a real whackjob this time.
Liberals and democrats need to stop fighting about the scraps and start to find some cohesion or all the things we have fought our entire lives for will be gone. We are getting old man. It’s time for the next wave to step up big time. So what?  Even if she wasn’t the attorney then?  Why didn’t she stand up for any of the minorities then?  Nobody did. Yup Thanks Amy for the Breaking News! So insightful! She was a senator by the time that case went to court. Let me repeat. She was not an attorney when that case was brought to court. Fake news has become so rampant on the populist left and it’s frightening, because it shows the left wing isn’t immune. She had the chance after he murdered a Native American man. Let's be part of the solution and not the problem.

Violence is not the answer.  That is exactly the same mentality we are ripping Trump for.  Let's be better. He can’t actually do this. There is no provision in the treaty that allows for it and the dues he is withholding from the current fiscal year can be consider US debt. 

If the House sued over power of the purse this could get an injunction through next year when the SCOTUS can hear it. But no consequences. They are doing what they have always done. We are recording now. It's our society sliding into authoritarianism. Trump has spent so much time delegitimizing the free press that police feel that they can do this in broad daylight on camera without repercussions. It's a flagrant violation of not just their rights but our rights. As long as the police can control who sees things happening, they can control the narrative. Soooooooooo many piles Mhm Wait wasn’t she the one who didn’t prosecute his other issues/violence? The excecution of Donald John Trump has been too long delayed. Justice be done "Working" may be a bit extreme. Not sure he wants riots. 

Nonviolent measures will have no impact on him. Unfortunately. Most Republicans think that they are the only citizens with a military background and the ability and knowledge to use firearms. 
That’s a deadly mistake! Trump is fueling the fire I agree. 

I am just sad to see it working.  I just don't support rioting and looting.  We should focus on nonviolent actions and not destruction of property. To be fair, as you know lots of diseases have symptoms similar to COVID.

I recently ended up with a nasty little bug and got tested. Negative. Turns out I got something from my kids that ended up being roseola. I would've never guessed goddamned roseola.

Parainfluenza is a legit piece of shit, too.

Also, I've read that the sensitivity can be an issue-- wonder which test you had? I know some of the tests aren't good at catching low-load cases. I really wish we had settled on only a handful of tests nationally but... here we are. Pharmacist. About a quarter of our department has missed time. Despite being in tiny room with guy that later tested positive, then having symptoms myself ... two negatives If it were I would tell you to buy an SKS or a Kalashnikov. Rioting is a natural extention of what trump brings. 

Trump does nothing but blame minority communities and intentionally mocks and doesn't listen to them. 

Riots are unavoidable. I agree which makes seeing all the rioting and looting all the more sad.  Not the correct solutions as guns/rioting/looting is not the way to make the needed improvements. What’s not fair is you being a douche about a two day difference between endorsements. You were attempting to refute my point about Sanders looking like an idiot if he didn’t jump aboard the Biden train after all the other candidates. By nit picking the 2 day difference. Troll and blocked. Stupid cunt. I wish only the worst for her. Why is Obama saying this is normal? Trump once again made a dumb statement, but let's not try to excuse all the rioting and looting.  

A bad situation made worse all around. This feels like guérilla marketing Sitting president incites violence on to his people should be reason enough to have him forcibly removed 😆 Hard to tell exactly what would happen next. But it's likely bad. A bitch would. Way under counted and especially by red states, in Florida we have had an extremely high amount of false negative test results, and the virus morphing so to speak in the heat...I had mad fever for 10 days, then agonizing abdominal issues, for another week, as have other people, so YES...way under counted ! Another Republican caught lying? Start a new pile over here please. That’s true. There’s also a lot of people that have gotten the virus and never been tested or even showed symptoms so all of our numbers are way off in different ways. I don't know about all of you but I'm looking at this photo and thinking to myself WTF this country would have been like and should have been if she were to have won, BTW she did win!! She won the people's vote and that's the most important thing, so please everyone out there that reads this get everyone you know to either mail in a voting ballot or get everyone you know out to vote on November 3rd and have them all vote for Joe Biden as well as for every Democrat on the ballot. To all my liberal friends that have doubts just remember this with Joe Biden you will get something you want passed but with this wannabe dictator in the White House you will get what you have been getting and that is NOTHING!! WE NEED ALL LIBERALS TO COME TOGETHER WITH DEMOCRATS TO DEFEAT THIS POS. WE WILL HAVE REPUBLICANS AND INDEPENDENTS JOINING US TO VOTE THIS WANNABE DICTATOR OUT OF OFFICE ON NOVEMBER 3RD. Just remember what THE LAST REAL PRESIDENT THAT WE HAD ALWAYS SAID AND CONTINUES TO SAY: VOTE!! 

We may have overestimated but I think this is a logical approach. And  I do think there are Covid related death early on that weren’t counted because no one knew the different ways that this virus kills. Klob ain’t perfect that’s for sure. She has a questionable prosecution history, but honestly, I feel like everyone does. People say Harris is racist for her prosecuting record, but it’s such a hard thing to judge. Obviously it’s Klobuchar’s fault for not seeing into the future and not Trump’s for encouraging violence /s Is someone saying it is normal...? But that would be the *start* of something big, not the *end*. So he was arrested but not charged with anything?

Need to know precisely what happened from the moment he was arrested until he was released. Was there an arraignment? Was he brought before a judicial magistrate or a ranking law enforcement official, or anyone else who has an actual career to worry about ending? I’m saying it’s because they’re black. She's doing more then that r/SocialistRA I just mean attributing all of the deaths that were higher than earlier averages is probably a gross overestimate. I don’t think you can count them as Covid deaths in good faith even if they were caused by people not going to the hospital. That overinflated Covid death rates. Could not agree more. The government has no right to insight violence against any of its citizens. The cops obviously are not protecting the citizens. They attack liberals because they see them as weak “cucks” I am not sitting around and waiting to get harmed for my beliefs. I wish more ppl thought like you, keep speaking truth! I, personally, walk softly but carry a big stick. The harder they come the harder they fall. That garbage bag trump was trying to sway the black vote not long ago, he already proved he doesn’t give a shit once again. Edit: tbh I don’t think Biden would do any different (I hope to be proven wrong) but the trump administration needs to get the f*** out Watched this live on CNN last night. The camera crew was respectful and cooperative, they identified themselves- and the state police arrested them all LIVE. 

How stupid can state cops be? Watching them arrest a peaceful camera crew reporting on police abuse. 

OMG read the full article!! They let the white reporter go and arrested the brown one. Holy shit! Biden is older than Betty White.  His social security number is 75. No there are minorities in the Democratic Party Why are liberals so bad at politics?  Explain to me what the article was about. #whataboutism That, and being literally the worst person the democrats could pick. Depends on the test. Depends on the timing. With a large enough sample you'll have false results. It's expected-- probability given sensitivity and accuracy guarantees it. That's the nature of the beast and is a given. 

You're a nurse? Physician? If they were all viral tests, it would depend on the timeframe. If they slipped in an antibody test to see if they had the virus previously, then that could have been positive. Marlboro man. That dudes kill count is insane I don’t think they’re making that big of a leap considering what we know about this virus so far. 

For example,  this virus can cause blood clots so you can throw stroke in the mix. It can impact all the organs meaning a person with kidney disease could go into kidney failure. These are just two examples of how the virus is responsible for a deadly event but the end result, rather than Covid , is what’s being reported.


https://abc13.com/blood-clots-covid-19-coronavirus-covid-symptoms/6217594/


https://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/929284 Ive seen people test negative, the positive, then back to negative all withing 10 days. Several people. I... thank you! I appreciate you being fair on this.

Also, love the username. Given that performance arts will be depressed a while, that may be the only place we'll be able to see plays. It is adding useless fuel to the fire to call upon citizens arming themselves against a government with the force of police and military behind it. Unless you espouse an all out armed civil war, it is mere senseless theatrics that only add to the emotion of the moment and accomplish nothing. We are already in this mess because of Republican zero-sum thinking and politics and guns are the ultimate zero-sum solution. No thanks, we've got enough of that mentality already. Goddamn coward This is fair. There’s a whole lot of assumptions made in this article to come to a clickbait title. Undercounting is certainly going on, being behind on the death rate is also obviously happening, but they make a lot of leaps to get to that 50% number. 2016 was ***STOLEN*** from us. The entire Minneapolis and Minnesota State police should be disbanded. Ok I’ll bite:

OT God: still valued morality above all else. He would smite Trump. I’d pay to watch it actually.

NT God: see above. Little less aggro but values were the same. Don’t cheat on your wife, don’t be a dick in general. Do until the lowest man, blah blah blah. Trump would receive boils or some shit.

Zeus: not a big morality guy but did value things like Oaths. Someone was bad if they broke their word....hmmmm.  Trump already has broken the oath to protect citizens a couple times over. Allowed and encourages Russian interference. Doesn’t do everything he can to help nation from ongoing pandemic. Yeah Zeus would rape Trump in front of everyone on Mount Olympus and watch him squeal like a little orange piggy. Greeks were cool with that. That's what Biden is for. 1. People can have this and be asymptomatic or even just mildly symptomatic.
2. The virus typically kills between .5-1% of the population it infects and spreads quickly all else being equal. We would have seen WAY more deaths if it had been circulating for another two or three months unrestrained. Given the likelihood of super spread events the holidays would've likely seen HUNDREDS of thousands dead. ICUs all over would've been absolutely slammed.

Unless the virus isn't that virulent or deadly this doesn't make sense. Which God? Old testament,  new testament, or rapey Zues God? Could be, but I know people in both areas that tested positive for antibodies that were quite ill during that time period. I think most countries are undercounting. Hence parainfluenza which is rarely tested for. The other endemic coronaviruses can also cause nasty outbreaks and even be moderately nasty in some groups. 

For it to have been here since October means it would have had to have emerged here. Given it’s dynamics among a naive population it’s not going to gradually spread and then suddenly explode. That’s not how exponential growth works in a moderately to highly contagious illness like this.

This just doesn’t pass the logical sniff test.

Edit: OK, downvotes. Cute. 

Think through this. This disease has an unrestrained R0 of 2-3, which means it will DOUBLE OR TRIPLE in days or weeks. If it had been circulating in OCTOBER that would have meant massive outbreaks on NYC scale since then. This beggars belief. Unrestrained for 4 months most places would've seen .5-1% of their populations dead by now, given what we know about the IFR.

This makes no logical sense. Just think through the dynamics. I know a lot of things are “flu-like”.

I’m saying they were tested for flu and they were negative. The illness was viral but they couldn’t identify the virus. Lots of things are “flu-like.”  

COVID’s general symptoms list is in line with tons of viral respiratory illnesses:

Fever or chills
Cough
Shortness of breath or difficulty breathing
Fatigue
Muscle or body aches
Headache
New loss of taste or smell
Sore throat
Congestion or runny nose
Nausea or vomiting
Diarrhea

None of the above symptoms are even remotely limited to COVID. From influenza to parainfluenza, it’s very possible to experience the above with a wide variety of viral infections. 

There is little to no evidence that COVID has been circulating since before Wuhan. The symptoms described by folks who had it line up with COVID, not the flu.

The people who had it in October that I talked to said they were tested for flu and they were all negative for it. In my area there was some kind of pneumonia going around last year in late October. No deaths as far as I know but it wasn’t flu-related. It was viral but they couldn’t identify the virus. 

COVID has indeed been in the States for months. The only thing unfair is trumpf - alive! It is news. The first CDC report about a month ago would have showing it missed around 35k deaths. Now it would be about 47k. However, this source is questionable and gives no link to the CDC report used to come up with these numbers, making it more suspect. Just so everyone is clear, [this](https://mobile.twitter.com/joshscampbell/photo) is Josh Campbell, and [this](https://api.everipedia.org/v2/wiki/amp/lang_en/omar-jimenez-journalist) is Omar Jimenez. Race was the difference - nothing else. Your attempt to paint all this as nothing new won't fly. We are clearly, obviously in a different place with a different level of corruption, injustice and inequality. And most of us see that. The ho hum crowd that would rather dismiss it are being cynical and lazy. This is the time to take every action possible to bring the country to a better place. Protesting is one way, voting 1s another. We need both. Exactly Most rich people I know vote Democrat, but then again, these are not the billionaires you might be talking about. And, most rich people I know are very highly educated (MDs/Phds). I didn't quote the headline, thus no quotation marks. I made a point, and gave a reason as to why it's valid. Once again a misleading headline. 
Let the downvotes begin. Same here. I would never vote for someone who has absolutely no qualifications to be president in the first place. Add in his bizarre thoughts and behaviors and I wonder how anyone can support him Only arrested because he is black! Fucking racist mother fuckers All charges against cops went to grand juries at the time.  Blame them.

Edit:  According to Klobuchar. It's not normal in 2020 America the constitution isn't permanent That's the thing though: every single viral respiratory illness can cause bronchitis, pneumonia, etc.

I once had a nasty cold that became pneumonia. I've had bronchitis from flu as well. 

I think it's SUPER important that we remain thoughtful in what we attribute to this because we also need to be scientific in our approach. Let's not be that which we hate (unscientific). Quotes because that’s what her family says. Not sure if the actual diagnosis. Getting off our asses to vote means all of us, no matter where we live.  ALL OF US. I got a bad bronchitis last September from a cold. 

Maybe that was COVID too! While we’re speculating, of course. I’m sorry to hear that. :-(

Why the scare quotes around pneumonia? Lots of things cause pneumonia. 

You can die of viral pneumonia from a common cold. Rare, but not u heard of. 

Your cousin probably died of influenza or a cold— there’s no good reason to believe it was COVID in January. Or maybe that was influenza? We had a bad flu season this year. Let’s say he took three and the third came up positive it might have been the point of sufficient viral load. 

Or it could’ve been bad procedure. 

Hard to say without details. Doesn’t mean the test is bad per se. Could be. May not be. False and irrelevant.  Like your very own president. Charlottesville was "good people". 

He clearly doesn't think these are good people. Good point. My assumption is the tests were within a day of each other based on the conversation, but I'll see if I can get more details. They only took the tests after getting mild possible symptoms. I know this feels like a low point but try to keep in mind that we've always managed, over the last 3.5 years, to find a way to make a nearly unbelievably bad situation worse.

So this is maybe just the middle of our decline in to total hell on Earth.

In a month we'll be looking back on only a couple of cities burning in a race war and merely 100k dead as the good old days... I do NOT doubt that we are undercounting, but all these anecdotal stories in this thread about someone who got BRONCHITIS (wut) or a bad cold/flu are proof of jack fucking shit.

Ain't none of you had a bad cold or flu? Come on now.

Let's not become as bad with science as the other side, for fuck's sake. Imagine that. With all the exposure the bastard already gets and very much wants, that video would be the most watched thing ever, without him ever knowing. 

Though I’d rather have him and his cronies and enablers getting a nice little cell. Cheating at everything, only to end up with less than nothing and being remembered of it each day. November?

Come on now, I get that it may have started earlier, but now we're getting into conspiracy shit.

There is no good scientific evidence it was here in November.

If the virus is as virulent as we believe then if it had been here since November uncontrolled we would've seen a MASSIVE spike in January, which we obviously did not.

We also had an above-average influenza season so maybe let's attribute this to things that make sense and not go off on pretending that COVID has been here since October? As far as viral tests go, not really, no. 

Depends on the test and when tested.

By this logic, every country is wrong. This isn't really meaningful without knowing the timeframe and when the positive came through and which tests were used.

Tests for any disease are dependent upon what the test looks for and when. Hell, he couldn’t even govern the freakin’ napkins. Unfortunately, even record turnout could still lead to him winning again. It all depends on where people show up. It doesn’t matter if those older voters in New York show up, it matters if they do in Arizona, Wisconsin, etc. these people aren't inherently evil and they deserve a voice. My parents were Republicans until the Obama Era and they're great people. Same with the area near the Arizona-California border. Tons of trump supports, all great people. If they vote in mass, and are the majority, they deserve the victory He would have to federalize them first.  I think Donald is all talk on this one.  He did not federalize the VA national guard in Charlottesville, so I don’t think he will in MN. The numbers are awful there lately, I’ve been watching it explode- terrible Admittedly, this is "friend of a friend," but I know of someone who took three separate tests, and two came back negative, one positive. In Mexico the government started reporting a lot of deaths due to “atypical” pneumonia that everyone kind of knew was most likely COVID so it wouldn’t surprise me if this was being done here too Eh.. one some issues.. yes, on others no. If trump moves in the national guard to meet the protesters.. what is the gov going to do? While I think this poll has some flaw, this is how I think the race will end up, high single digit win for Gideon.

Again I think 50/50 in the Senate is quite likely.  Colorado, Arizona, and Maine are big trouble for the Rethugs.  And Cal Cunningham is a strong candidate who will outperform Biden in NC.  But after that things get pretty uphill.  If we want a working Senate majority, we're going to need a landslide where some of red state Senate races are in play. Did they add a variable for mass protests? We need someone who is palatable to moderate GOP and independents to swing those votes to the Dems.   Warren will do the opposite. Fortunately, governors and mayor have a greater effect in the average Americans every day life than the Orangutan in the Oval Office. They do not have the progressive cred that Warren does. I am an outsider (non US person) and am amazed by the stuff the Republicans get away with. We have some good leaders but on a national level, its dark. There's only so much they can do. Val Demings for VP. She could take the justice reform file and Biden complete health care. Kamala Harris and Cory Booker at DOJ to support Val on justice reform. Do it!! What about Susan Rice of Donna Brazile? The "funding" comes from hospitals making claims on insurance and Medicare.  They get paid no matter what they diagnose, but are paid on an average scale for the diagnosis.  If they say it's pneumonia, they still get paid.  It's how reimbursement works. Not really.  We have strong leaders like Phil Murphy and Jay Inslee It's ongoing, so it's still news and needs to be emphasized.  The Pandemic virus keep saying it's "only" X number or percent, as if 103,000 deaths in two months is nothing. To be clear, he’s calling for violence against *African*-American citizens. She had 3, none of which were violations of the law. You can’t prosecute someone for not breaking the law Went around South Florida and Seattle starting in mid December. Your very own Amy Klobuchar has multiple opportunities to arrest the office who killed Floyd. Amy Klobuchar had multiple opportunities to charge the officer who killed Floyd. Ban Trumpo from Twitter. That would cut off his nuts. I respectfully disagree. I guess the courts will decide > Systemic racism and an unlevel socio-economic playing field are one and the same.

At every level of income or "class" police are much more aggressive to black people. Black people, both rich and poor, are brutalized and mistreated by police. White people, both rich and poor are not mistreated by police anywhere close to what happens to black people. Are you seriously trying to twist this terrible event for your benefit?

Racism is the issue at question here. Spinning a man's murder to further you anti-capitalist agenda is despicable. Id worry more about Wendys, Pepsi, and Miller. Systemic racism and an unlevel socio-economic playing field are one and the same. To fix many of society's issues we have to be able to come to grips with the fact that the judicial and law enforcement systems are a product of poor education, healthcare and income opportunities. The billionaires are laughing all the way to the bank playing poor whites and blacks against each other. Sadly, many perpetuate this and have created a self-sustaining epidemic in this country via ignorance and fear. If we create opportunities for people, educate people and truly embrace each other's cultures and norms that will bring about real change. Its a shitty situation and I cannot believe what a malignant caricature of America this country has become. Oh yeah definitely. Be responsible. Educate yourself before you buy, and decide if gun ownership is right for you. 

I'm also not very worried about that, I'm also not very worried that the government will come and kill me. But since that is a possibility I did rather be prepared. My Queen. There are plenty of reasons to not buy one as well. I'd say if you have young kids, you'd better at least have that shit locked away in a room that it itself has locks. 

I'm not worried about my GOP neighbors coming to kill me. Yeah, there's plenty of other reasons to buy a gun as well. But a "haha it's a joke" threat on your life is also a good one. Sure, eventually.

When it happens, let me know. Off topic are you having any problems with reddit I can't comment on a article my moniker doesn't even show up in the box You go twitter rambo. >How does Twitter maintain its consistency.

Maintaining consistency is not important, Drumming up user enthusiasm and outrage over petty, stupid fucking antics is what is important.

&#x200B;

>If you remember anything about this debate...Twitter has maintained they  are not a publisher and not expected to police their users. The fact  they have finally stepped in but in a highly polarized era and against  the guy who wields his political power like a battering ram...just  further "politicizes" their actions...for a party that already accuses  silicon valley of playing to the left. 

None of this matters, or even has anything to do with you. Yeah lets not fall for this. Buy one if you want but not because of this. The forensics on this pandemic are going to be very interesting. As will the explanation for the lack of tests. His calls arent getting much attention.  As far as what he should do, I'm no political strategist but if wants to get more people behind him simply not Being Trump wont win. >She broke federal law

That law is another example of one that doesn't meet the "Common Sense Gun Control" criteria.  Licensed concealed carriers commit violent crimes at 1/10th the rate of the general public.  There is no need for the transportation restrictions of FOPA to apply to people with concealed carry licenses.

FOPA should be modified with national recognition of state-level CCW permits.  With a permit from any state, a licensee should be allowed to carry within their vehicle in any state while engaged in interstate travel. So you don’t really know....he’s called for justice several times. I’m not really sure what you think he should be doing and I don’t think you do either. Real easy to complain. Test wildly inaccurate Anything... Don't ever call me a Trump supporter simply because of my age. He is the most despicable thing I have ever seen.  I agree, however I would still like my fellow workers and citizens armed. 

When a head of state calls for violence against it's people, it's the people's duty to defend themselves. 

The second amendment is for protection from the government. If the president threatens you now, and wishes you dead,  what will he do in the future? Trump is not only a moron but also a terrorist. Everything can be expected from this evil being. Already posted there. :) My 50yo cousin died of “pneumonia” in Colorado in January. All the symptoms match with C-19. Buying guns only profits gun makers, enhances paranoia and increases the chances the firearm will end up causing harm in an unintended fashion or through abuse. Former gun owner speaking. Wrong approach. We have too much focus on guns in this society and not enough on education, civility & analytical thinking. r/liberalgunowners What do you think Biden should do? That's what white leftists do.  Honestly as a person of color and very strongly pro-capitalist, I hate white leftist BernieBros even more than Trumpists or even white supremacists. Decimated means destroying 1 in 10. They need worse than that. Unsettling No shit.
Only 2-3% of people tested. We are on the BRINK!!! We had an outbreak of “ bronchitis “ in AZ in February. 99% of my family got ill with said sickness after a family gathering. This was actually known several weeks ago... It isn't news. What I'd like to see is whether the Trump administration intentionally decided to hamper testing to avoid a higher official count. I'd put good money on it. I'm sure Trump doesn't need to meddle in that, too busy playing golf. All he does is whine like a baby in a meeting "why don't numbers go down? Make numbers go down or I'll find someone who will" 

Some crony is actually making the numbers go down. As rosy as the situation is now, it will be a lot worse by Election Day. The death toll will be 300,000+ and tens of millions will have gone months without any income. That’s fair This is how massacres occur. 

A couple of cops listening to trump could start shooting very soon. Part of the apathy is depression and discouragement; it seems like every liberal I know IRL is convinced that Trump has a 100% chance of winning in November. Some of them have even said that the Republicans will take back the House, which has no basis in even the most pessimistic reality.

So stories like this can encourage some people, not discourage them. I agree with you 100%, but I also feel that stressing the economic problems will more likely unite people in a common struggle while aslo advancing the racial problems. Its impossible to approach fixing the economic problems in the country without addressing the unique economic problems that have been created becauase if slavery, a civil war, and decades of struggle between racist in power and people asking for what their countrymen already have and they don't. We have to directly address the fact that something has to be done economically to address the issues created by those events in Americas past. I find it funny that him speaking his ideals are just misspoken words or gaffes. “He didn’t mean what he said” is always the excuse. No accountability is ever held for these ideals. Makes a racist comment, oh, Joe didn’t mean what he said. Dudes been in politics 40 years. He knows when you say something you better mean it. He meant exactly what he said. He just caught hell for it and wanted to save face. Same with Trump even though he’s less apologetic. 

To me it’s like, how the hell do we end up with these two as our choices? This is NOT the best America has or can do. Any opportunity to divide people, Trump takes it. He’s not a leader, he’s a extreme right-wing Twitter troll. Look forward to hearing from Biden this afternoon. Anecdotally I know a nursing home in Arkansas that lost 9 residents to 'pnuemonia' in November. Someone needs to look into the "tainted" tests the CDC used early in the pandemic. Race is the first thing that should come up. You don't see poor white people getting murdered every day by police officers.

The reporter that was arrested was A REPORTER FOR CNN. He was not poor and didn't have economic hardship.

Police don't check your 1040 or 401k before l arresting or killing you. 

Blaming economic conditions for these events is incredibly tone-deaf. New jersey is one of over 20 states that dont recognize Pennsylvania CCP. The federal government already covers this.  She broke federal law that should be known to every gun owner and if they dont then they should not own a gun.   They already made concessions to gun owners that allow them to transport their guns prohibited in their states.  

>A provision of the federal law known as the Firearms Owners’ Protection Act, or FOPA, protects those who are transporting firearms for lawful purposes from local restrictions which would otherwise prohibit passage.

>Under FOPA, notwithstanding any state or local law, a person is entitled to transport a firearm from any place where he or she may lawfully possess and carry such firearm to any other place where he or she may lawfully possess and carry it, if the firearm is unloaded and locked out of reach. In vehicles without a trunk, the unloaded firearm must be in a locked container other than the glove compartment or console. Ammunition that is either locked out of reach in the trunk or in a locked container other than the glove compartment or console is also covered. The first one is an over yet The *general concept* of UBCs and red-flag laws are supported, yes.  That support invariably falters once those general concepts are turned into enforceable proposals. 

The reality of gun culture in America is that 10% of adults who are eligible have a license to carry a concealed handgun. It's been 20 years since the start of the concealed-carry revolution in the US.  We are now seeing the second generation of carriers joining the ranks: kids who grew up seeing mom and dad tucking a handgun into a concealed holster every morning. They are now coming of age, getting their carry permits, and registering to vote. 

This is not a group that Democrats can afford to marginalize. The kind of gun control that Democratic leaders are pushing for is only popular in 8 states. Economics and race are very much tied. It’s a factor on its own too and does deserve to be mentioned, but it’s also inherent in the economic situation in this country, and has been for years. 

Not trying to defend the explanation not including racism as a major factor, just that when I hear someone talk about economics, I assume (maybe naively) they understand how much race plays a factor in that. > Another CNN reporter says he was 'treated much differently'
> 
> CNN's Josh Campbell, who also was in the area but not standing with the on-air crew, said he, too, was approached by police, but was allowed to remain.

Hmm... I wonder why Omar Jimenez was arrested but Josh Campbell wasn't... All that text and no mention of race, not even once. I feel like you don't understand what's going on at all... I have no objection to this, it is a free country, you have rights, you have liberty, you can choose to not use a product. He'd just make a fake account immediately and keep spewing rubbish but his ego couldn't withstand no followers. I actually like the bottom part - I just think it’s very hard to have gray area, you either gotta be all in with it and censor everything or censor nothing - with censoring nothing probably being the best way to go about it r/murderedbywords >This is the law from new jersey "New Jersey prohibits any person from transporting, possessing or having a firearm in his or her control in a motor vehicle, unless the firearm is unloaded and contained in a closed and securely fastened case, or locked in the trunk"

That law is not "Common Sense gun control".  That law is asinine, especially when applied to individuals who are otherwise law-abiding, responsible persons.

>it makes her an irresponsible gun owner doesnt it?

No. 

By way of analogy, let's say we are trying to determine if a "yellow" traffic light is too short, causing responsible drivers to run this red light.  You can argue that the people violating that light also violate *other* yellow lights. They are "irresponsible" not because they run the studied light, but because they run other lights as well.  

But you can't argue that people are irresponsible drivers for violating the light in question: The driver could be responsible, but the yellow light is indeed too short to safely stop before it turns red. 

We cannot say that Allen is irresponsible simply for falling on the wrong side of the law you cited.  The other possibility is that the law in question is unacceptably restrictive, and should either be repealed or mitigated. Indeed, this certainly is the case, as evidenced by the extraordinarily low crime rates of licensed concealed carriers in the 42 states with "Shall Issue" concealed carry license policies. 

"Common Sense gun control" would be to *repeal* that law, or otherwise modify it so that it will not lead to such miscarriage of justice in the future.  The law you cited does not pertain to people with a concealed carry license recognized in New Jersey. 

Perhaps New Jersey should adopt "Common Sense Gun Control Laws" like CCW reciprocity agreements with neighboring states. I think that's the real corner they have backed themselves in. The assumption now is everyone they don't tag as a liar is a truth teller.

And what about other countries. Bolsonaro, Modi...them fools lie like a bathroom rug as well. 

The smart thing for them to do is cap it at a certain amount of followers required for check and make it clear they will only provide facts on political issues. Wishful thinking I guess. No Like Trump was Hillary's greatest asset? The very civil and tolerant left!!! and americans have the gaul to criticize china for this sort of thing but ignore it when it happens back home. There will be no repercussions for this I think I'm okay with the union in general...but there are things that should just not be part of the CBA. If they want to protect members rights to due process...fine. And, i think I am okay with them getting paid during an investigation. But if they are in the wrong...that money should be paid back. Further...if you are involved in a lawsuit in which the taxpayer has to pay out on that officer's behalf...the officer should have their pay docked until that money is paid.

The fact is the unions just have too much power. They threaten mayors and city officials with lack of protection or putting their weight behind opponents.

And let's not underestimate how they use racism to their advantage. The whole Union endorsement is  based on being tough on crime...i.e. protecting the value of white property from undesirables. I mean this goes back to the creation of the police force in America to enforce white property rights over black human beings.

I digress because policing in America is a whole issue. But I don't think Unions are necessarily bad. We have numerous federal and state jobs that are unionized. There are just underlying issues to American police that make them particularly problematic. As someone whose lives in MN their whole life, Minnesota is pretty racist. Not surprised for being a small city we’ve made national news twice for police brutality Trump fans the flames of the right and Biden is missing a serious chance to show some leadership credentials Let me be clear.  Law enforcement unions (police unions, prison guard unions, etc.) should be banned, and those who don't report rogue officers should be imprisoned.  I don't care if people considering that "union busting" or whatever, but there is no reason why law enforcement unions should exist period.  We don't allow military unions for good reason, and we should not allow law enforcement unions either. They can’t, they shut down the voices that don’t agree with the narrative they are trying to sell and turn up the volume of those who do. dont know how things work in Chieenah but here in the U.S. we have people called CORONERS and they KEEP RECORDS. You're joking, right? That's your response? I honestly can't tell if you're just trolling, or seriously uninformed. For someone who seems to only ever post in political subreddits, you don't seem to be all that good at coming up with any sort of argument for your side. Again though, I'll help you out since you seem like you need some ammo next time anyone even slightly disagrees with you. Here's the pro-Biden answer to my question since you can't seem to even quickly Google an article and copy paste the contents:

Joe Biden is pushing hard on getting money out of politics, which is a key issue with progressive voters. People see things like super PACs and corporate lobbyists as an integral threat to the country and it's ideals. Joe Biden shares the same beliefs that his other former candidates shared that this is a high priority issue, on the same level all Medicare and the Green New Deal. By holding this position firmly and by working with other progressive lawmakers and organizations, Joe is polling better with progressives every day. Universal background checks for all gun transactions  and red flag laws are supported by the majority of americans. I hope he sues the fuck out of them. AI and quantum computers are definitely going to happen..... So are you for or against states rights? It sounds like youre against them.   Federally you transport your guns through states locked into a case as thats interstate and ruled by the federal government.  Why cant i just drive my concealed carry into a school or bring it into bars those are rights according to you? 

This is the law from new jersey "New Jersey prohibits any person from transporting, possessing or having a firearm in his or her control in a motor vehicle, unless the firearm is unloaded and contained in a closed and securely fastened case, or locked in the trunk"  

She broke the law, yes could be an innocent mistake but it makes her an irresponsible gun owner doesnt it?  The DA chose to prosecute.  The other issue here mandatory minimum sentencing for gun laws.  She faced 3 years due to that but only served 40 days. He will, I think he should refuse to debate Trump.  His brain isn’t as sharp as it used to be and it shows, he misspeaks every other day and it goes viral.  Even if he makes decent points and shows he has better policies, he’ll get blown away on a debate stage... just hang back and let people vote against trump.

I’m also worried that most Democrats, especially those of us under 40, didn’t even have Biden on our draft board when the primaries began.  He would’ve been my 4th choice, and I’m not unique.  I’m still going to vote for him, but the only reason I’m showing up is because we need that Supreme Court pick to replace RBG, if Trump gets 3 justices, the country won’t recover from this administration for 20-30 years. -laughs in china- Is it possible the second wave was this past April? I agree. Despite all the damage...they still happened to kill less people than the police.

Unfortunately...after seeing that this maneuver is actually described and recommend in the police handbook I think the DA is setting up to let this man off. The problem is that the law is set up to protect police...even in their mistakes. A ton of scrutiny. Doesn't matter from who...everyone.

Why just Trump. Why not Biden when he says he marched with Civil Rights activists. What about Joe Smo who says he wants to kick your ass via a tweet because you downvoted them. How does Twitter maintain its consistency.

If you remember anything about this debate...Twitter has maintained they are not a publisher and not expected to police their users. The fact they have finally stepped in but in a highly polarized era and against the guy who wields his political power like a battering ram...just further "politicizes" their actions...for a party that already accuses silicon valley of playing to the left. The clintons are the most powerful political family in the United States. 

For 30 years now the Republicans have been attacking the Clintons, they have accused them of everything up to and including multiple murders, but they have never been able to make anything stick. 

What type of idiot would ever want to take on that type of power?

They are more powerful than Trump, who promised to lock her up, and yet , even when Trump had both houses of Congress on his side he could not get an investigation started on the clintons. 

In fact when it came to dealing with the clintons during the election, Trump had to ask the country of Russia to accomplish the deed that won the election for him.
 
Of course all those people who were investigating buttery males and Ben Ghazi are still alive, as is President Trump.
 
You know what could be happening here? I think maybe the Republicans have been lying all these years. And when they lie, they destroy America's credibility, and they insult the intelligence of the people that they're lying to, their base. Queue Trumpers claiming it's to counter the over counting of covid deaths in blue states to get more funding (a claim they're currently making, at least in California). It’s literally an expression. If there aren't consequences for murderous cops and feckless government, then people have to create consequences. Just another Fux News bubblehead. Corrected. Thanks for the catch...should have reread it b4 post. Just go get lost I'm done with you you're very annoying and no dividing democrats got it? We’ll know after the kitten take-over

They’ll set things straight George. His name was George Floyd. Shaneeon Allen. Roosevelt Twyne.  "Common Sense" gun control calls for *removing* many of these overly-restrictive gun laws, not adding more. I didn't mention about Joe making everything free, or Liz Warren in that comment. All I did was say that I was having doubts that he'll be able to win. You then labeled me a troll. You realize that this is the exact same behavior that we criticize Republicans for when they call literally any news they don't agree with "Fake news", right? Because I expressed doubts about a political candidate (which is literally all everyone did during the primaries) I'm now a troll. Great debating skills there. 

I'll help you out because I genuinely would like to feel more hopeful for Biden's campaign and you're clearly passionate about it. I'm most worried about Joe not driving progressives to vote and that we're gonna see a high Republican turnout but a low Democrat turnout. What is Joe doing now that makes you think this won't be an issue for him? Congress can enforce it, DoJ really has nothing to say about it >Except common sense gun control is fine. 

Shaneen Allen and Roosevelt Twyne would like to discuss "common sense" gun control with you.  Both are licensed, responsible gun owners who were arrested under New Jersey's draconian gun laws. Twyne's charges were eventually dismissed, but Allen couldn't find justice in the law and needed a pardon from the governor. Technically anything the President does any official business on is considered governmental.

It was decided that it was his official account:
https://www.nytimes.com/2019/07/09/us/politics/trump-twitter-first-amendment.html

Presidential Records Act of 1978
referenced here:  https://www.pri.org/stories/2018-02-19/donald-trumps-tweets-are-now-presidential-records

the text of the act can be read here:
https://www.archives.gov/presidential-libraries/laws/1978-act.html >Best case scenario I am an idiot that is entirely wrong

I always bet against the America people. There's no question about it. Anyone who has seen the numbers knows that coronavirus deaths are grossly under counted. The only real question is what is the exact amount? Is it 15% or 50%? So we just give up? Sorry, I want my country to be better! I don't know about November but there was definitely an aggressive pnuemonia going around Chicago in early January. Yes, you could argue, but I was actually talking about favorability and popularity data from the time, not just *maybe*. >when was the last time a president was calling for violence against citizens? 

Nixon, along with others.

&#x200B;

>When was the last time armed "protestors" invaded a government building?  

Mild compared to murder 1.

>When did it become ok to arrest news crews? (Note: only the crew lead by the black reporter was arrested.)  

Well, America has historically ranked very low in terms of relative freedom of the press. Most Americans approve of a censored press.

&#x200B;

>This is a whole different level of nonsense. Not that there wasn't  nonsense before, but we should be going in the other direction. 

Racism and a two-tier justice system is common in America, and its going to remain common for the foreseeable future. But who would enforce it? He has direct personal influence over the head of the justice department. Yeah. You can fudge the numbers but you CANT hide the bodies. Except common sense gun control is fine. Its just the NRA lobbys against anybody that even thinks about it. 80% of gun owners support stricter gun control laws. https://lawcenter.giffords.org/category/gun-studies-statistics/polling-data-on-guns/ Except common sense gun control is fine. Its just the NRA lobbys against anybody that even thinks about it. 80% of gun owners support stricter gun control laws. https://lawcenter.giffords.org/category/gun-studies-statistics/polling-data-on-guns/ Except common sense gun control is fine. Its just the NRA lobbys against anybody that even thinks about it. 80% of gun owners support stricter gun control laws. https://lawcenter.giffords.org/category/gun-studies-statistics/polling-data-on-guns/ "Reasonable" gun control would be to remove the kind of excessive restrictions that saw Roosevelt Twyne and Shaneen Allen arrested.

Democratic voters want reasonable gun control, but Democratic leadership certainly does not. Democratic leadership is promoting this sort of restriction throughout the nation. I have a friend who works in the analytics department at a hospital group. He said these respiratory specific deaths started spiking in late November, indicating C-19 may have been in the states much earlier than originally documented, being mislabeled for MONTHS ahead of the official pandemic start. I hope you are right friend. Best case scenario I am an idiot that is entirely wrong Do it!  No president before him felt the need to have Twitter.  President Obama used it only sparingly and mostly for impactful statements.  Didn’t exist prior to that.  For the love of god, please get the man off the Twitter sauce. This was the Minnesota State Police, not the Minneapolis PD. I so much want a sixth season of the wire. Or maybe a reboot. Or some other cop show that got all nitty gritty about the daily lives of police. Really, when was the last time a president was calling for violence against citizens? When was the last time armed "protestors" invaded a government building? When did it become ok to arrest news crews? (Note: only the crew lead by the black reporter was arrested.) This is a whole different level of nonsense. Not that there wasn't nonsense before, but we should be going in the other direction. And trump's stupidity continues while Americans are losing their lives every minute. I would obviously prefer a Democrat. But if I had to have a republican, he seems like a good choice.
He is smart. He seems to believe in facts and science. He worked for Obama, because his country asked him to.
I honestly don't know a lot of his stances on issues, but he seems to have his head on decently straight. I'm a black Democrat and listened to the Biden phone call with Ukraine last week. I thought it would prove what I believed all along; that it was a lie. He straight up pressured them into replacing that prosecutor in exchange for signing that loan guarantee. I'll probably still vote for him, but that's a real thing that happened and I'm slightly embarrassed for defending him against my Trump supporting family members. Lol, so true! Doesn't matter what anyone says or thinks. VOTE. VOTE like your VOTE will be the deciding VOTE. And don't only VOTE in major elections. VOTE in all your local elections too. Your county website should have all the info. If you can't find it, ask your local library for help. And GOP governors who want to reopen and blame the Ds for overreacting to the virus and screwing the economy. This will be their play heading into November. All these things are run a run on a state level AND the major discrepancies were found in only Republican states 62,985,106 +/- dumbasses. Grew up in rural California and it's the same there. It's like some dilusional fantasy about rugged individualism. Many of them are still playing cowboy. What else besides play golf and cheat at it. I'm sure Trump is somehow making the CDC mislabel shit. Exactly what they've been taught.

We need a complete overhaul. "I like Emperor Hirohito. He's a very strong leader." Beto didn’t help our cause there The only time I don’t turn the channel when he comes on is when he is walking up or down the steps of Air Force One.  I keep hoping he trips and breaks his neck on liveTV. Trump must die if there is to be peace. The longer he lives the more damage he does >and opening themselves to a ton of scrutiny

Scrutiny from whom? People on reddit?

&#x200B;

>just think this again politicizes its actions. 

Politics in politics?!!?! DAFAQYO!?!?!?! Yes, just as his impeachment did.  /s >Economic change is absolutely required and society will only get more  chaotic in one way or another until it happens. Welcome to the Fourth  Industrial Revolution. Just wait until next level AI and quantum  computers become part of the equation. 

yeah, none of this is going to happen. >WTactualF is even going on in this country right now.

Why do people keep asking that? No shit. I really want to know. You either haven't been paying attention and didn't care, or you are just now leaning what America is about.

"WTF IS GOING ON IN AMERICA?!?!?!" Well, we can dream of want should have been and look at the statistics. But we have what we have now. You could literally write a book on what ifs. What we know: Trump has got to go. For a president to suggest looter her shot is just another example of Trump wanting a civil war. Face it. And who does this all point to. Vladimir Putin. Trump is compromised. He may very well be instructed. 

They cheated 2016. The GOP isolated pocket of the election and pulled it out. They will try this again. This HAS to be a landslide. Otherwise all this shit will get worse and worse. Call it what you want. Easy if us dems and indies don’t get off our asses and vote him out. The 4th Great Industrial Revolution combined with years of businesses pleasing practices that have left the working class behind and a huge increase in wage, my friend.   


40 million have been on unemployment, how many million are behind on rent which is becoming stacked up, in three months we are going to look at an epidemic of evictions, meanwhile Amazon is eating up the job market and simultaneously spending a fortune to see how it can automate away a large percentage of those jobs. Retail jobs are closing nationwide, and food service is working on a percentile of its former glory.  


Trump was a clear sign of the civil unrest by the populace and already existing need and preference to dramatically change the system. Bernie's and Yang's platforms and visibly huge support are confirmation that the working class are fed up and demand change.   


Economic change is absolutely required and society will only get more chaotic in one way or another until it happens. Welcome to the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Just wait until next level AI and quantum computers become part of the equation. And Imo Warren doesn't either I'm not for everthing free and a lot people aren't. Can’t believe it’s another shit show of choices....Guess I have to vote for the hair smelling rapist over the racist murderer smh Yeah, and? he found this really narrow crack of daylight to in effect \*always\* be right on the internet and hes laying it down on every bookie in town. My take on this is it's because their they're scarf of trumps bass. If trunk Leos up,and Biden wins in a landslide,that will suck for them as a party. Until 2022,if history repeats itself. In 2016 they for destroyed. Twoyears later they win backthe house netting 63 seats, netted 6 senators and 6 governors. If they turn I trunk,his base turns on them and the party is destroyers (either by not being viable to have a majority in coves and presidential elections or more likely by his base punishing those were eye disloyal to Trump and removed him). I'm not trying to troll and I really hope that I'm wrong about it. But personally, I just have doubts that he'll be able to pull in the numbers. At this point if Trump's base isn't bailing on him now, literally nothing he does will sway them. Joe just needs to start making some serious moves to draw in progressives As if we needed him any less focused on the COVID crisis he will now turn his full attention to Trump vs. Twitter. > That's correct. Except the way Twitter is acting is blurring the line between a provider and a publisher. That's the issue at hand here

No, it's not.  There's no legal difference between the two and there's absolutely no requirement for Twitter or any other website to remain neutral to remain covered by the civil liability protections of 47 U.S. Code § 230. I wonder what he would do with all that free time? Whiney fat prick. Don't worry if they arrest everyone in the area, they might accidentally arrest the bad cop. Yes, now that he has been properly chastened, I’m sure he will begin acting like an adult human. 

Mostly sure. In case anyone was tempted to think it was a couple of bad actors in the Minneapolis gestapo. I see all these stories about how basically no one supports him... 

and yet its still like, "yeah he can still get to 270." Bootlicking blonde Barbie. Democrats largely want reasonable gun regulation,and the radon is Kandahar of all the gun deaths in this country. If anything we need Democrats to spread that theyre worried about a Trump landslide. Get less Trumpers to vote maybe. Prob wont work though, seems to be more apathy on Democratic side. WTactualF is even going on in this country right now. Now I can truly see why trump hired her she's one of those who would defend him if he did shoot someone on 5th Ave. in broad daylight she's a true trump bootlicker for sure. Hamberders. We will beat sleepy Joe quite easily. We all wish it were truth but it's just another trump lie twitter to him is like alcohol is to alcoholic. Nope I’m a Democrat Interesting. TIL. That's correct. Except the way Twitter is acting is blurring the line between a provider and a publisher. That's the issue at hand here The rest of the sane world uproariously applauds Exactly, and under [47 U.S. Code § 230.](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/47/230) they would not be liable.  The statute is pretty explicit and I doubt the the House is going to bend over to change this law in Trump's favor.

>(2) No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be held liable on account of—

>(A) any action voluntarily taken in good faith to restrict access to or availability of material that the provider or user considers to be obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable, whether or not such material is constitutionally protected; or

"Otherwise objectionable" is a term big enough to drive a truck through. I'm worried Biden will have him the election somehow. Probably with everyone feeling confident and not showing up to vote > What I cant understand is this hill they are dying on.

Because their party has nothing left to stand on. They positioned themselves as an opposition party and Trump's brand of narcissism feeds the exact contrarian populism that would collapse if any other career politician were in his place. His supporters want chaos and there is currently no replacement for that who will get people to vote R. It's a skeleton party with no convictions or ideals with which to entice voters. They choose trump and party over what was best for our country because they feared for their political future and the wrath of the orange blob for that they are cowards with no balls. Yep.  The Democrats fielded the *only* candidate who couldn't beat Trump in 2016. Both parties went into 2016 bound and determined to lose the election.  The Democrats succeeded. Yes I can agree with 3/4 of your list. 

Of the 196 million people over the age of 21 in the US, approximately 180 are eligible for concealed carry licenses, and >20 million are currently licensed.  This is despite 8 (safely blue) states that are effectively no-issue, and 12 (safely red) states where no license is needed to carry and conceal. 

The overwhelming majority of those 20 million licenses are concentrated in the remaining 30 states, which include **all** of the battleground states.   It is politically absurd to antagonize that voting bloc. It has nothing to do with whether they are neutral or not. It has to do with whether they are subject to lawsuit protections. > Are you aware of the differences of being a publisher vs a platform?

Are you aware that [there's no legal distinction between a publisher and a platform?](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20190613/03172142391/once-more-with-feeling-there-is-no-legal-distinction-between-platform-publisher.shtml)  Or that [platforms are not required to be neutral?](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2018/04/no-section-230-does-not-require-platforms-be-neutral) KKKops. I mean, Voat exists. But he is the President.  Remember when he had to unblock people? Sadly, all his tweets have been saved.  He could deleted his account right now, and all his bullshit would still exist.  Which, in a way, is really good.  Historians, and law enforcement, will be able to look back and piece together this insanity. Almost like they are covering up, didn't they accuse China of the same thing? Guns. 

Which is absurd, because there is no reason why Democrats should be alienating gun owners. That's why I don't understand why people in the US are happy to sit on their hands. He is literally stripping your freedoms as we watch, and everybody is shaking each other's dicks about impeaching him. Not like that has slowed him down at all. You're on a fast track to a dictatorship. I know trump is batshit eitherway but I wish I knew what my president was even saying but I dont have a twitter... 
Lmfao This post isn't really an attack on protesters at all, but rather the Democratic  city officials that are so fearful of losing their positions of power that they allow the police unions to have such an impact on their decision making. 

I can appreciate the justice Democrats making this an issue and the numerous public defenders fighting to curve police injustice in their cities but their has to be more.

All of the police officers involved in the Murder of Will Floyd had cost that city thousands in lawsuits already. If we don't care about justice we should at least care about the cost to us taxpayers this current iteration of "justice" cost us. How and where did this get decided? Technically he’s using his personal account not the official POTUS one, right. They had their chance to get rid of him. I wish that could be true but if all the spineless senators choose trump and party over country during the impeachment I don't see it happening because they have no balls. Details because, why not:

With the two senators who caucused with the Democrats, Sanders and Lieberman (who had spoken at the 2008 RNC convention to endorse McCain), Democrats had 60 votes from September 25, 2009 when Kennedy's temporary replacement was sworn in until February 4, 2010 when the Republican who won Kennedy's seat in a special election was sworn in.

Before that, Al Fraken's close election (decided by 312 votes out of about 3,000,000) meant that he wasn't sworn in until July 9, 2009.  By then, Kennedy was too sick to really participate in the Senate.

The ACA was passed by the Senate on Christmas Eve during that four-month period. The sooner the better and shove a binky in his big mouth. Twitter is setting a high bar for itself...and opening themselves to a ton of scrutiny. Not sure how they maintain this line.

I don't disagree with it...just think this again politicizes its actions. Please fucking do it! Even worse - any talk of reasonable regulation on the purchase of more guns and they start shrieking about how the "LIb'ruls are comin' fer" *the guns they already own*

Idiots Whiney fat prick. I wish we didnt have to have left and right, just who agrees with what. I know this is pretty much the same, but people get so attacked sometimes if you say you are dem or rep. Even if there are common values between the two they dont care because yOu'Re dEmOcRatIc sCuM. 

On another hand, parties are fine if things actually get done. No more senatoes getting paid from private companies, lobbyists, fillibustering forever on a bill that could help families but doesnt suit 80 yr old Winfreds stock value, and the blatant loss of checks and balances.(I know fillibustering has its place, but to me personall it feels like a tool to stall bills from impacting personal interests.) Our founding fathers must be desperate for a way to come back to life and set fir to the whole government. At least the Japanese didn't have to learn that the US declared war on them through FDR's volley of tweets. If rich is filthy why are people trained up from age one to want to be that way? Well....well they should be. Mabe it will help them with that self-reflection stuff. I hope anyway. OAN and Fox. Facebook. Of course Trump is Biden's greatest asset here. Starting to look like the Minneapolis police need to be rebuilt from the ground up. First time in his life someone tells him no and makes it stick. I wonder if he'll react calmly and use this as a chance to improve his behavior... Smashing! Reporters should just say "Obama wasn't strong enough to delete his Twitter feed". There's probably a Mount Rushmore sized pile of unread reports he could flip through. The four Republican vote-getters that benefit no one:

1. abortion

2. guns

3. religious privilege

4. bigotry I can’t not wait until this criminal is rotting in a cell or even better 6 feet under.   I will celebrate like I never have in my life Biggest sociopathic criminal shit stain on this country’s history ever How about just saying F politics It needs to be a landslide loss to make it harder for Trump to cheat and steal. Especially because of guns. They literally think democrats wanna to ban them AMF

Resign now and maybe the judges will go easy on you

Gonna be in court and/or prison for the rest of your life All Biden hast to do is not interrupt Trump while he’s beating himself What a coincidence "I'd love to get rid of my Twitter account, but they won't let me since I'm being audited" Interesting times! Biden now has many paths to victory.  His VP pick was initially seen as a ‘make or break’ decision but it’s shaping up to be much less critical than that.  Any of his top 3 or 4 options would make a great selection, it just depends on what might be found during the vetting process.   Already I think stuff has cone out about Klobuchar that could be problematic.  

Joe needs to just continue acting like the president this country needs, being the ‘consoler in chief’ while the boy king rages.  The stark contrast, evident daily, says more to the nation than his VP pick. If we had more democracy and everyone voted all that would happen is the GOP would have to adopt some more popular positions. The horror! To be honest, I feel like Trumps base will mostly stay behind him. The theme with the MAGA cult is cognitive dissonance. There are interviews of people being asked these questions on the street and they couldn’t care less about what he does, they’re just glad to have a republican in the White House. The "good" news here is the ignorant orange asshole is incapable of changing his strategy. He is convinced he is infallible so it has to be right. But, they *promised* they wouldn’t do that? Charlie Baker? Or filth. "Jokes on you Mom I don't care if you take my Twitter account away" And a sophisticated system of propaganda, misinformation, and media manipulation developed through decades of study and billions of dollars in investment. They picked trump and party over what was best for our country. Another brain dead trump troll. He's addicted to it just like people are addicted to drugs he would suffer withdrawals. The cult would follow him off the rim of the grand canyon and remember trump himself said he counts on votes from the poorly uneducated
.

Donald Trump: 'I Love the Poorly Educated. We're the Smartest People.'
America, 2016. That's what happens when you're not equipped to think troll Trump troll alert Single issue voters are a huge problem—it’s always either gun rights or anti-abortion. Thanks for bringing up this vital point!  You can’t ever assume any poll is a guarantee for either candidate.  I keep hearing people say “my vote doesn’t matter” but it really does!  We all have to get out and vote (and get everyone we know to vote) if we really want to get this orange monster out of office.  We don’t need a repeat of 2016 where people are either upset about Bernie losing  and they vote for a third party candidate, or people don’t vote at all—that’s a big factor of why Hillary lost in 2016. yeah, this is why even if I hope Biden does win in a landslide, well, I want to be part of it. we thought Clinton would win in 2016 and she didn't so I am not going to let anything put me off of voting come time to vote. He has the most consistent polling lead of a candidate in decades. He's not nailed on to win obviously but these gaffes have literally never hurt him in the past. They can always send another candidate if they want. Imagine if Hillary had taken Sanders as running mate.

Or vice-versa... Real talk tho. God comes down to the earth during a debate. Is he more cool with Joe Biden or Trump as a human being? Yeah please explain. I get that if you were raised that way and stopped paying attention around Reagan you might still be duped. But if you’ve been paying attention since then, you are just voting against yourself if you vote Red and are not filthy rich. I guess all repubs cote that way in CASE they become bajillionaires? People aren't going to know unless they know information like what you have posted. Keep posting, this way people will vote. Worked in 2016, it’ll work in 2020!

While I wish that was all it’s going to take, what we need to do (what we should’ve done a long time ago) is learn and adjust: abolish the electoral college, abolish gerrymandering, and update our processes and procedures for things like: “what to do when voting takes place during a pandemic/state shutdown” instead of changing the dates and locations and methods last minute - for example, I didn’t get to vote in the primaries because I had to “request” a mail-in ballot (as if the government doesn’t know I’m a registered voter in a state that was shut down during the election), which arrived to me one week *after* the due date. There have also been many times my polling place has been inside a giant retirement facility with zero signage or indication that voting is taking place inside, whereas in nicer/richer areas I see flags and banners and people directing traffic and waving signs, etc. There should be a set standard for visibility and accessibility at each polling place, it shouldn’t vary from district to district depending on how difficult Republican politicians want to make it to vote. I think if the EC & gerrymandering were abolished, we went by popular vote only, and we updated our voting processes and procedures, it would be no question who would win the election. But that’s a fairy tale, and we know for a fact republicans are going to cheat (they already are), so what chance for a fair election do we have? And if he does lose, what’s the chance a fair and peaceful transfer of power takes place? Honestly, I kinda suspect Trump is just getting tired of everything. Maybe he'll just leave peacefully when he loses just out of fatigue. Niggers Tirade, because apparently it's not illegal to purposely infect people? Babies. They think they’re “saving babies.” Exactly. His point has nothing to do with Trump, but there was never a supermajority Democratic caucus seated in any quorum. There was *potentially* a supermajority including one or two independents and certain senators who were frequently absent, but that's hypothetical, never actually came about, and the death of Ted Kennedy ended even that hypothetical possibility. If Trump doesn’t continue to try to discount people’s mail-in ballots and other greasy voter-suppression (or unconstitutional media fact-checking censorship) tricks, I think we’ll be okay. I’m 100% confident he’ll cheat though, he doesn’t just *talk* about it.. Go for it. Tick. Tock. *Political party*?! It’s a fucking *cult.* It helps if you’re a white single-issue voter that only cares about abortion and aside from that one topic couldn’t give a shit what happens with anyone other than themselves. I find it very telling that a majority of “Christians” approach politics in that manner, and even more telling is that they share a political party with wannabe confederates, neo-nazis, and KKK members... yet they refuse to address the partisan-to-a-fault superiority complex their party has, aside from outright denial followed by calling the left “divisive” because they have eyes and ears, a conscience, and call a spade a spade. Yes, completely. Flush the toilet and start over. I don’t understand why they didn’t vote to impeach. They could have gotten Pence in and had plenty of time to use their Fox”News” propaganda network to do damage control. I bet secretly most GOP elected officials can’t stand Trump. Why they kept him in power is beyond me. Downvote? We need to get you to top comment instead. What’s he waiting for then? Biden looks boss af in that pic. That’s a commander in Chief! I remember Huntsman during the debates.  I thought he wouldn't be the worst president if he won in the GE.  I was pleasantly surprised by him. Because abortions, apparently. They should just forfeit the whole fucking thing and save everyone the time and money. tRump 😆 is killing himself because he's sooo stupid 😂 Amazing! Follow the money. All roads lead to Putin. Liz would be a good fit. So would Stacy Abrams. At this point, Joe needs to start making moves. He's running a dangerously "Hillary-esque" campaign so far. He needs to start making serious strides to make Republicans see him as a force to be reckoned with. GOP lawmakers are getting scared now, but the general public isn't. We need to start scaring the masses lol. Good point  and I don’t think Biden can draw the progressives so his running mate is absolutely key. I’m leaning toward Elizabeth Warren. I think she is a progressive thinker, brilliant and a strong has a strong backbone.

Joe has a big job on his hands just trying to repair the damaged relationships with our allies. He would be a kinder symbol of healing the country, and I choose to believe that’s possible. But let Elizabeth fight the domestic battles things on healthcare, student loan forgiveness. The progressive fights need to be fought but let’s hope the right person enters that battle. I could be wrong here, but it's my understanding that demographic information, particularly education level and financial affluence, play a huge role in people's understanding of the world around them, and that ultimately informs their own personal ethos and ideology. Therefore, you could intuit that areas with institutions of higher learning, which generally exist in places with concentrated populations would feel a certain way about things, and those coming from a very different background might feel another. “Gretchen Whitmer in her red dress part II” Like an old John Wick. He's switching to Gab. I would debate that Obama was a more attractive candidate than Hillary. And Biden helped Obama. Kaine was baggage for Hillary. And Biden may be more attractive than Hillary if he picks a good running mate. Remember how Sarah Palin blew it for McCain. Biden also whooped Paul Ryan in the debate. Lord willin' an' the creek don't rise. And guns An emotionally charged argument disingenuously brought to by the very same people who would tell their opponents to never let emotions dictate political decision making. To be fair, the U.S. wouldn't be #1 in the world for virus deaths and infections if Trump weren't a Russian tool who won an election with a hostile government's financial and online support.  Whatever you think about Hillary, she would have at least been somewhat competent.    

To even compare them as similar objects of your hate says a lot about you. True, they get anxious about her winning debates too. Debatable. At least previous presidents behaved presidential. Reince Priebus now looks like a choir boy. Yet one party is dominated by uneducated whites. Like an alcoholic saying they’d love to get rid of alcohol. The one thing Trump has said that I wholeheartedly agree with him on He’s leading the polls by a good margin and Trump lost the pop by three plus million in 2016. He hasn’t gained one supporter. And everyone else is sick of Trump’s day after day baby tantrum. Every time I get incredibly angry about some shit the GOP is pulling, Romney comes outta left field and it stuns me. Like goddamn it, Romney. Stop it with your rationality and even tempered responses and just let me hate all of you! 

You know what 2020 needs next? For Romney to be like “Fork this. I’m joining Amash and dropping out of the forking GOP.” And then he downs a can of Coke. Or.... Maybe choose a slogan that is not directed anti-trump only....

Negative publicity is still publicity. Biden needs to win progressive support to beat trump. 

He also needs a plan for defeating Covid (and she has a plan for everything). And he needs her to  attack and take the fight to Trump, because Biden seems unable to do that. Epic edit. Enjoy my 50 coins! "Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel" - Samuel Johnson Not young, but Romney. He's the only (small) chance they would have to legitimately win. Good. Per your post:  [https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/28/us/politics/trump-jack-dorsey.html?action=click&module=Top%20Stories&pgtype=Homepage](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/28/us/politics/trump-jack-dorsey.html?action=click&module=Top%20Stories&pgtype=Homepage) This. I’ve heard plenty of people on the right say that Trump is just a useful idiot.  But that’s because they’re idiots too. Just another one of his lies. He would not love it. The GOP has missed its “Joseph Welch” moment. Welch was an attorney who finally ended the devastating career of Joseph McCarthy in the 1950’s.. “Until this very moment Senator, I do not believe that I gauged your cruelty or recklessness... you have done enough! Have you no decency sir!?!?” I am paraphrasing- but he was finally seen as the fraud and coward that he was. The GOP turned on Nixon (eventually); where did that GOP go? Gone. Sold their souls indeed. Thank you. Just Vote. Twitter should fact check this obvious lie. Then fucking do it Bidden should just play on how much better looking and stylish he is then Trump. It'll get Trump super pissed and he'll throw a major tantrum. If you go after Trump with rational objective facts it slides right off him cause he doesn't give a shit, but drag him into a game of "mines bigger then yours" and he'll get manic like a five year old on a playground. Who is gloating and what are they gloating about? 

We’ve passed the 100,000 deaths mark with this god awful pandemic so who in their right mind would even use the word gloat today. Abortion. When you view abortion as killing babies as a form of birth control (I don't, but that's what I was taught growing up) it makes it really easy to justify all the wrong things your side are doing. I appreciate your comment and opinion here. I agree completely; the destruction and threat to the constitution is real. I just want our laws and rules to matter. I also agree that I always felt the past presidents and even politicians were at least human. Some of the GOP senators come across as supervillains almost. That is the best idea he's ever had. He probably stoll it from, you know, everyone else! You're exactly right.  They will use every trick they can come up to keep people from voting.  They are blatantly doing it every day and it's all of them, not just Trump. If it were up to me, Trump would have been booted from the white house in February. I don't think that his base is going to be swayed by any of that though. I think he has his core supporters, and Joe hasn't been able to draw in progressives enough. It's not too late by any means and I really hope I'm wrong, but I just don't think he's gonna get Democrats out voting. Let's centimate them then! Don't forget religion, sexism, and gay phobia I’m afraid of polls. Because of the his fast and commanding response to Covid ( /s) or his dramafest fight with Twitter as our country reaches 100,000 deaths? What are you doing here, dude? I mean, I dont mind some logical discussion, but provide some evidence to back up your claim. Otherwise, it's just trolling. And if you're being sarcastic, I apologize. None that I'm wearing *blackjack

Signed,

A fellow Futurama nerd Don’t just pin it on Republicans, both party’s have ignorant people. Huh funny, I was just thinking the opposite Funny, my great aunt and her children are Democrats because their parents were Democrats and their great grandady was a Democrat yadayadayada. Anyone can fall into that mindset retard. Evil rich whites tricking the dumb poor ones Alright, you must organize to get other people to vote. Has South Carolina made any moves towards mail in ballots for the election? The eyepatch guy Sticking your nose where it doesn’t belong Is a BBQ where you tell your staff to set up a bunch of cold fast food in your office? If not then you’re right. As a moderate, I try to see each issue on its merit rather than “My team says...” However- I believe that the current GOP needs to pay a serious political price for enabling this dangerous buffoon. A heavy, heavy toll that they will hopefully never forget. I have voted Republican before, but I don’t think I can ever do that again. Where did our honor go? Our values? Sure Obama and Bush made mistakes (Bush more than many) but they were good men, who tried to do what they thought was right. Trump cultists haven’t budged. They love Trump even more now that he’s killed people with his lies and misinformation. They think he’s a hero and they’re “warriors” saving the economy from democRATs. Vote. Vote. For the love of God vote! For the Midwest in rural small towns, it’s because it is “supposed” to guarantee less taxes and less government involvement. When you live in BFE, you think you can do just fine without the government (obviously not). They’re basically 16 year olds who never grew up This would be one of the best senate elections to win. Graham, McConnell, Collins: gtfo. US Law.  He cannot delete it, it is part of public record now and will be saved. That's fine, in a few short months, we will be happy to take possession of that account from you seeing as it is the official Presidential Twitter. Jon Huntsman.

I'm pretty liberal, but I would vote for Jon Huntsman in a heartbeat. Trump Twitter: it’s like Trump university but without so many characters. Yeah Right 👹

&#x200B;

Just do it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🙏🙏🏻🙏🏽🙏🏾🙏🏿🙏🏻 They need arrested as a terrorist party.

They're not a political party. They haven't been for 40 years. Landslide? Joe is damaging his campaign every time he opens his mouth. How is he going to debate when Freudian slips keep happening when cameras are on him? I mostly see posts that republicans are worried about an impending Biden landslide on democrat subs. This news while uplifting can unconsciously demotivate us to vote because ‘it’s in the bag’ so to speak.   I don’t know why we believe anything republicans say and truly, anything that could demotivate democrat voters to vote would surely be in their election playbook. 

OP no disrespect, we want to hear good news, but I felt so extremely whipped in 2016 that this similar message now coming from the republicans, that they are ‘worried’, is beginning to seem disingenuous on their part. Maybe it’s conspiracy theory, but they have a solid history of spreading propaganda. 

Downvote me to hades, if you must. Did someone say court reform? 15 person SCOTUS; add extra members to every federal court. Most importantly, don't forget to make DC and PR states in the process or else the dough won't rise! He couldn’t govern a freakin’ BBQ. What’s stopping him, is he too stupid? I feel like this is somewhat similar in every are though, that’s why most blue states stay blue and same for the red states. Is there some reason democratic voting people don’t share this tradition? He’s to much of a coward to follow through on that statement.  Just wait, he won’t do it. Nope. Not buying it.

Watch it again. He immediately says:
 
“sure sure” translated: didn’t follow or else wasn’t listening

Then: points to windows (architectural feature)
“There is an openness, but there is nobody out there. There is a certain openness but as you can imagine there is nobody out there.”

Entirely literal take on a metaphorical question. 

Guy is not someone who ever says anything funny or even thinks as things as funny, so nobody is buying that.

Basically don’t keep attributing intelligence to his words.

Edit. I feel kinda shocked now. Do you not know what a metaphor? It’s saying one thing on the surface which makes sense but the same phrase also refers to something deeper.

Sample. “Thats one small step for man..one giant leap for mankind.”

Surface level: talking about literally about first man to step and then leap across the moon surface

Metaphor:  man landing and waking on the moon for the first time a species was represented by a tiny actions. A man stepping foot on the moon. That step represented a huge leap for science and our understanding of our place in the universe.

Certain words have double meanings and so the metaphor works on a surface level and a metaphoric level. That’s why they are powerful. Kinda like poetry really. Anybody. Consider who they chose for their candidate last time. They’re not exactly into credentials and experience. I’m gonna set up my own twitter! With hookers, and gambling! Because their patents and grandparents and great grandparents voted republican. It is the exact same allegiance as supporting the home football team. It doesn’t matter what happens in reality you support your team.  For most people, political dealings are too difficult to understand.  

I am amazed everyday by how ignorant people are Can we talk about how badass Biden looks in aviators and a black mask? Let just vote this time and overwhelm the election . Remove this orange füher from office. Common America it’s time 🇺🇸 This is quite possible the best description I have seen on Reddit. I salute you. Ah yes, pre-gloating.  A tactic that always returns victory, just ask Hillary Clinton and Al Gore. The blueprint is “Donald Trump is a fucking asshole and any senator that supports him is an asshole by proxy” Apolitical and herd minded.  People vote for and with what they're social spheres are, and dont care enough to investigate politics... also single vote issue and "god." Even if trump wins with that margin, he still loses. 

I mean, other than the stupid fucking electoral college, which means that's not true. Brokeback here is no cowboy. All hat and no horse. A windshield cowboy. Yeah I don't know.  I'm sure they could find ANYONE to be their patsy. >**some young, not racist guy that might look and sound better than Biden.**

And who pray tell would **that** be?! Haley doesn't work. Who else? Yeah they don't understand that this guy floated highly under-qualified ppl who happily lick his boot all day. Into one of the most important dmfoundations of our democracy. He's basically already won and our countries fucked. I get worried with these type of articles as the critique of politicians covid-19 responses can go both ways.  

Cuomo is getting a lot of heat for his actions.  We can't call for trumps head without Cuomo going down too. What I cant understand is this hill they are dying on.  They could right now, impeach Trump and convict him.  They can say, "We gave him every chance, but he never learned."  They can claim he was never a "true conservative," and then nominate some young, not racist guy that might look and sound better than Biden.  They could all stand there and say they "put country first" and people would buy it.  I think there are enough swing voters that would vote for a guy like that, or a Niki Haley type...Can you imagine those mother fuckers get a woman in first? Biden is not good in debate, he is not good on the campaign trail. He looks amazing because Trump is such a fucking idiot, but up against a suave, smart, attractive Republican (male or female) it would be hard.  So why are they willing to end it all right now for Trump?   



Because they're going to cheat. They've been saying witch hunt for a while, I say we gove em what they want and we investigate every person who sided with trump during the impeachment till they are sucked dry, all at their expense for once too, not mine. Hmmm go for it you asshat Harris for AG! Rasicsm, fear, and utter fucking stupidity I fucking hope so. Dayum, Trump took MO by 18 points in 16 So it's like diet progressive, I'll take that over faccism. Seriously,what is stopping him? Yes and the joke that he doesn’t need a place to hide from those issues since he has security guards for protection.

This joke makes perfect sense, you just took trumps response as literal because you want him to look bad.

There’s plenty of retarded shit that he’s said and you choose this? Cmon now lmao > Yes I dislike her policies too 

well atleast that part of your argument is honest. your selective outrage is kinda sad tbh Biden doesn’t have a chance Well they're certainly not acting like it. Another example would be pushing for ceo pay to be tied to employee pay like they do in Israel..  If the ceo makes more then 40 times the lowest payed employee hit them with a big ol tax hike till they fix it The Federalist Society is the real enemy of the people. *Trump, Graham, and McConnell. South Carolinian here. I will do everything in my power to make sure Jaime Harrison represents South Carolina in the U.S Senate in 2021. I mean what else would he do? Govern? Nah. Ben Gazi! I really don't understand why people vote Republican unless you're filthy rich. The FBI ran interference for him.  Without Comey, Clinton wins by 6 points or more. Preaching to the choir won't help anything. That's why Republicans are against people voting. buttery males... No, decimation was to count off and kill 1:10.  They didn't eliminate 90% of their military. I'd be happy if 10% of Republicans lost their seats across the board.  That would be 20 House members, 5 Senators, and hundreds of state legislators, plus Trump. They should have thought of that in February when they covered for him. Its just a simple example of why these senior citizens are out of touch with younger generations there are many others but i guess if you where happy with late 90s early 2000s  center right dems style of government more power to ya There's a lot of that going around and I'm hoping to see it fail spectacularly. I've gotten fliers from both republican candidates running for my congressional district and they're both full of Pro Trump rhetoric. This. The worst thing we can do is assume this is in the bag. Do people not understand that there won't be the huge backlog of vacancies like Trump had? If that ever happens again, it's highly unlikely to happen in your lifetime. Along with most of his family. “If we nominate Trump, we will get destroyed … and we will deserve it.” - Lindsey Graham That's what the GOP thought during the 2016 election as well after the pussygrab video came out. But the deplorables just stuck with Trump's scam. I fear the bar has been lowered way down into hell this time around. I beleive the original Roman definition is take 1 tenth and make them kill the other 9 tenths.  This was done as a punishment for cowardly leadership and running away from battle.

&#x200B;

This leaves only 10 percent left not a mere reduction by ten percent. I think grieving over the death of his son, as well as being told by Obama not to run, are pretty good reasons. We sure can! We can dream though. :D Really it would be like heaven not to hear him ranting day after day. But like you said he'd never do it where else would he spread his lies. Its mostly because hillary was more popular than Biden, Obama, Trump, or even Sanders today.  People just dont like her when she defeats men in campaigns. We'd love that too.

&#x200B;

As if he's gonna give up all that attention. Without Twitter and golf he would have nothing to do. We would love that too. Just another lie he would have to be committed if he couldn't tweet what a complete moron. etymology fallacy.

awesome is not a synonym for awful

nosy does not mean pertaining to a nose The whole spineless senate for starters. Oh god yes. Graham is a coward. As I have said before we need to come out in record number{ oh wait someone called me out because I said that} They said you mean get your absentee ballots nit pick or what. We can't take things for granted like we did in 2016. and that's the truth I think it's because they thought they owed Hillary a chance in 2016. They were that way before Trump, they just don't bother to hide it anymore. As long as people VOTE he will! Not yet. Steady, boys and girls. Vote. Someone should permanently suspend the impotus! Tim Scott is one of your two senators, and is not up for re-election, but the other senator from your state, Lindsey Graham, is, and voting him out would be a wonderful thing, if that’s your political persuasion. In an alternate timeline Trump would of called on Biden to resign from a few hundred deaths from covid for the entire pandemic. Just like it's ok for Kelly Ann Barkway and brainless Barbie Mcenany can vote by mail what hypocrites. Got to have that phone how else would he spread all his lies what a total moron trump is. He couldn't lead a horse to water much less lead our country. IF, and this is a big IF, covid 19 never happened and in the aftermath Trump hadn’t blown it off for golf with a Twitter disaster and more concern about Twitter than American lives, if things had been rolling along like they did after the impeachment, she would be going hard core on the dems! All that did happen though so now she has an  “across the aisle approach “ lol That’s what they said about BUSH 2. He was so bad it made it “hard for a white man to run for President.” 
Don’t underestimate his followers. They are motivated and are true believers. It would have been a 1964-style blowout too. I understand he had his reasons but the truth is I’ll never completely forgive him for not running. Well they haven't been able to shut him up in three and a half years. So they deserve whatever they get. Can't wait. Yes I dislike her policies too, but bilking mourners is a level of immorality I just won’t tolerate. 

Thankfully she won’t win the primary, so it’s completely moot. lol but again why? we live in a Biden/Trump world the only thing we should care about is policy. Just admit you don't want her policies that's atleast being honest. Generally, extremism stars with jokes. Trump should get 3rd degree burns from that scorcher. I feel it is more rude to intentionally lie to someone. I’ll take a candidate who didn’t make her living scamming bereaved people out of money for the chance to talk to ghosts. Yea baby! Liz all the way! Let’s goooooo and? she has better, more popular policies and is also polling above Collins (despite little name-rec) so either will get you there. Just in one case we get better policy. Biden would have beaten Trump in 2016. Decimate means to reduce by 10%. That's the "deci-" prefix. 

They need a lot more than that gone. Wouldn't it be funny if Hillary just ran against him again?

She’d only need one campaign slogan:

“Are you better off today than you were four years ago?” The only good trump is a dead trump. I think my congressperson would be Cunningham? I forget if Tim Scott is a rep or a senator. Google likely has the answers. Ok thug can't take it out of the.... and only criminals don't like cops!!!! So weed is why thats a good reason, lol. Are you a troll pal I wasn't talking to you if you didn't notice and I can't stand 3 word comments that add nothing to the conversation! More and more of the same from the GOP. When your not in control of the senate and trump has the last word makes it kind of hard . And it's not time to live in the past we can only change things come November with a Biden win and take back control of the senate and being pessimistic is not going to help anything. https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-preventing-online-censorship/ I have been right here watching the same thing so pls don't feel you need to educate me. I said "they hate her, they will EXPLOIT" I never said the democrats should climb in bed with wall street. They (WS) are afraid of her, which in my mind is a good thing, but they will pull out all the stops to prevent her ascent to a higher position. Even with the bald truth that wall street has very little to do with economic health and employment, people still think stockmarket up= good for employment. Reality will set in when jobs don't come back, but they will still believe the stockmarket can fix that. They (WS&RP) will make sure to paint it as EW will hinder economic recovery. Done talking. We have different opinions which is fine but nothing is gained by belaboring this. Hagd. I'm having a hard time seeing the relevance of the text of the EO to Trump's individual relationship with Twitter. If anything, it looks like it could potentially be a factor in a hypothetical lawsuit, but that would be highly unlikely to even reach the first hearing in the  time remaining under the Trump administration. What's the intended effect of the EO, and how could it benefit Trump? This  40% floor is still fucking depressing That's because you don't usually understand what you're reading. We had a super majority at the time of Obamacare. We lost all of it because we didn't defend ourselves. We didn't defend Obamacare. The idea behind a federal republic is a compromise between representation of the people and representation of the member states. What do you believe that President Trump has done, that should engender violence? I don't like him, and I don't approve of many of his political positions, and I fully believe that he has acted unethically at several junctures, but I cannot articulate one specific thing that I believe could or should be addressed by violence. Even though I advocate for his impeachment and removal from office, I cannot cite a specific law that he has broken.

As for the system being broken, I don't necessarily disagree, but you haven't named the country whose government is free of corruption, or whose politics are not influenced by wealth and capital. She is one of the best things to come out of the 2018 election. You can buy shares of "Will Trump complete his first term?" *"No"* for 11 cents on the dollar on PredictIt. I spot a trump troll. We just passed a sign in the grass that said, "This way to the ovens." Sure. So it’s saying the office is a metaphor for the role. Hiding in this case is not from an assailant but from things like scrutiny, responsibility, polls, criticism, oversight, Congress, the press, etc.

The saying is one of those double meanings saying which is why it is powerful. It’s not a basic architectural comment. Hope that helps. Na na na na
Na na na na
Hey hey hey
Goodbye IMO Nahendra Modi, Prime Minister of India is what right-wing Republicans think Trump is. Ultra-nationalist, pro-state religion (Hinduism/Christianity), anti-Muslim minorities, gets stuff done to improve the country without giving a fuck. 

The difference is Modi actually has a super high approval rating because he's smart and actually believes in his mind he is improving India. Compared to Trump who does and says whatever he feels like at the given moment and knows that sabotaging democracy is the only way for Republicans to keep power. Good thing we don’t live in a dictatorship Wall Street just had 4 years of compete gov ownership and trump letting them do anything they want. 

And this is where we ended up. 

This isn't the same situation. Unfuck the Senate! Too bad Republicans will never allow such to happen. Gotta keep those Conservative judges moving on the conveyer belt just like good Ol’ Mitch McConnell loves to say. The Supreme Court is our last hope but I expect they will come down on strictly partisan lines. Then Trump knows he can literally do anything he wants and no one will stop him. He can then start putting enemies in jail -- or worse. It was silly of us to think we were any different and that it couldnt happen here. Great! Honestly Joe is seeming so out of touch repeating the mistakes that Hillary did..  If he dosnt atleast come out for legalizing weed witch is a massive no brainer idk if ill vote for anyone this time around..  He seems like he is talking just to the 55+ crowd might as well let boomers finish the carnival side show they seem to want to turn this country into at this point i literally have nothing left to lose anyways But the alternative is that lies, conspiracy theories, and trolling by bad actors flourish.

Now that we have one political movement in particular, the far right nationalists, willing to plant lies and conspiracy theories; doing nothing is not an option.  Otherwise we are just handing our democracy over to the authoritarians while we drown in our principles.

I think a more complex approach is warranted. Oh good. What about your congressperson? And your state representatives? Are they up for re-election? And on and on down the ballot. If only they had a chance to remove him.... Can you explain the metaphor to me? Because from what I understand, trumps response makes absolute sense. Why would he need to hide when he has secret agents? Couldn't of said it better myself. They had three and a half years to do something about him.  They didn't.  Instead, they fully transformed into the party of really stupid traitorous greedy racist democracy haters. I did put in a statement that I do not think that free speech is being violated, but rather it’s an issue of control over information and narrative. 

Other than that, yeah I don’t have too much of a problem with social media shutting down blatant hate speech granted they set up clear rules on it that users understood ahead of time. The issue is, we have to assume they will always act in good faith. I don’t trust that. I think googles power is the most troubling, and I don’t trust them for a second not to abuse it. Republicans need to be decimated as a political party. Without a doubt First, let's clear up the "free speech" argument:

The 1st amendment protects citizens from having their speech restricted (with some exceptions such as "obscenity") by the government.  Private entities are free to restrict any speech they choose.  The 1st amendment has nothing to do with private entities.

We have seen the right wing weaponize the free speech argument in order to demand that they be given unlimited access to all social media platforms to push their extremist agenda.  There is no obligation for social media platforms like Twitter, Reddit, Facebook, and Youtube to allow hate speech to thrive unrestricted.  There is no obligation for private individuals to tolerate hate and intolerance.  White supremacy, male supremacy or any other hate movements aren't entitled to equal billing, equal air time and oxygen to grow on media platforms, universities, or anywhere else that is not part of the Government.  It isn't just another legitimate opinion.  It's dangerous.

I think the idea that we should just allow hate speech to flourish, recruit and grow on these social media platforms because if we don't, we are inviting all speech to be restricted is a false choice.  These social media platforms can restrict hate speech.  They should restrict hate speech.  Because marginalized people are the victims of violence and discrimination and social media has just served to pour gasoline on the fire.  

As for fact checking:

We are seeing the destruction of democracy by bad faith actors who push lies, and conspiracy theories.  We are seeing it being weaponized in such ways that it is tearing this country apart.  Encouraging people to ignore social distancing, wearing masks, and putting people's lives in danger.  We have seen a liar and a cheat get elected to the presidency.  And thrive on lies and conspiracy theories.  It is getting dangerous and it is destructive to the future of civilized society. 

Simply doing nothing because of fear that it might be utilized unfairly is not an option anymore.

If these social media sites refuse to intervene, then social media sites will come along that do restrict hate speech and do extensive fact checking, and most people will migrate to these sites leaving the social media sites who refuse responsibility to fade in popularity.

On the other hand, the power that these sites have to push their own interests and agenda is a fair and serious concern.  I don't know what is going to happen in the future.  But doing nothing is not an option.  We have to find a solution that allows people to continue to connect and express ideas, but does not allow hate and lies to flourish unchecked. I agree this is a big deal. It’s vital that we can trust news sources. I liked the Seattle Times on Facebook but now I have to see comments from people who are in a whole different reality where Covid19 is just a scam, Inslee is out to become a dictator, wearing a mask means you’re a sheep, etc. So far Trump has declared war on the news, the mail and social media. It’s part of a disinformation campaign and it’s scary. The big prob is the folks they are going to infect. I have no issue with her qualification and never intended to dispute that fact. Wall street hates her and they will exploit that. With the shape the country will be in financially jobs and economy will be a big factor. HC for all her skill, qualification etcetcetc failed because she was polarizing, I feel the same is true with EW. At the end of the day that matters. Really? I wish I could agree with you. But remember: Trump didn't win the popular vote. The primary ideal behind a democracy is "one person, one vote". That doesn't exist in the US. Because some people's votes matter more than others, 3 and a half MILLION people's votes were essentially thrown away. It's small wonder that people stay home.

And the reality is that even if people do vote in numbers high enough to elect a democrat, it will STILL be someone who accepts corporate PAC money, it will STILL be someone who games the system, and it will STILL be someone who bribes his/her political rivals with promotions. Hey, It's you, being really dumb. Yes yes yes    Collins is a wasted sham of a cause. I mean I know my senator candidates 100% this. In DC the goal is power as opposed to NYC where it typically is money. 


Source: I grew up in DC and after 8 years living across the country have returned to this beautiful city. Unfortunately, for many in this city (mostly focused on those around the Cap Hill neighborhood - duh haha!), power is the goal. They often come from wealthy families and all ready have comfortable lives. It is, but nobody is keeping him from saying anything, just they are adding more info. I'm surprised to see the Lincoln project going after moscow mitch.  You'd think a group of republicans would be cheering him on.  His current court packing run is going to stimey anything any Democratic President/Congress tries to do.  For decades. Ok. Good. 

Your government is made of many many layers, the president is the cherry on top, but you have your representatives in Washington who have a great deal of influence. Your senators and congresspeople.

Then you have your state government, your governor and your state senators.

And then your local government, mayor, councilman. It all depends on where you live. 

If you are voting for the first time it’s good to get in the habit of studying who else is going to be on your ballot. It’s not just going to be a Biden vs Trump thing, there’s bound to be elections “lower down on the ballot”, or “down ballot”. 

Can you get in touch with your board of elections online and see if you can view a ballot. Then start looking up to see where the people on it stand on the issues that matter to you. Yeah, I read it after I typed that. Good article. Gives me hope, though Russia probably hasn't kicked misinformation crap into high gear yet. Warren is tough too. Both are close in my book but warren might pull in a few more progressives. Not sure kamala makes biden's tent bigger. It's definitely a justified tirade.

And it should be called republican bioterrorism She knows her policy in and out. She takes strong stands and can reach out to the left. 

Her baggage is that she told the truth about being a native American... lol Expand why would it be bad? Thats insane. 

And the headline shouldn't be the tirade, but the why he is doing it. 

"State gop exposes other representatives to Covid-19 inentionally without warning." ...I dont know what that means I keep reading that people perceive her as a “cop” due to being a prosecutor and maybe that would be an issue. Progressives will have their day in the sun.

That's what happens when you're up before dawn. Good. Put some liberals on the courts. Her campaign is touting her bipartisan credentials.

They're completely unaware that nobody is buying their bullshit anymore. And that’s not even his biggest problem- Trump is about to lose his personal freedom. Perhaps AG Harris Can take care of that

This asshole needs to be locked up until he’s a skeleton IMO Kamala was be his best choice she's one tough cookie and that's needed . It's literally patriotic to vote out Republicans. Get involved, donate, and keep pushing everyone! that is not what you're doing. Love it. It's been years since I've stopped listening to people who claim to be willing to bet on something, but won't accept the offer when you can make it possible. Democrats are terrible at defending their policies because they don't think it is necessary to defend common sense. Because of this they can't hold on to power for more than 8 years. For sure start doing that and before you know it his buddies Kim and Putin decide they had better get in on the action. I give Romney some credit. Was most likely given his marching orders right from the top. I feel the same way.  Absolutely useless. Great article. Inslee is a true leader. Trump has not shown one ounce of compassion for the people who have died from the virus. Pretending it doesn’t exist is not what an intelligent leader does Go Maine go! Did you read the article?  It had funny "don't get complacent" warning labels throughout!  :) As much as I wish this were true, it’s not.  The GOP have gerrymandered, cheated, packed the courts, etc. and it will take a generation or more to undo all the damage.  In the meantime, we’ll get the thrashing of a dying rural white base, who would rather destroy the country, than allow PoC to be more equal. I bet Collins is “concerned” for real now Don't get complacent! This guy is out here worrying about people holding him accountable for his trash instead of trying to solve the pandemic. His is going to fucking RUIN this country. Death to all Republicans. They are beyond trash. Wow I can’t believe the girl who wrote the Hunger Games is losing Do you know who’s in your down ballot races? Those are just as important, maybe even more important. McSally lost in a midterm to an openly bi-sexual Democratic woman.  There is no fucking way she can beat a white space hero. All I want is for a reporter to ask Collins after she loses if she "learned her lesson." Every republican is reprehensible.


Every. Single. One. Wouldn't it be nice to streamline this process for arguments on reddit and other social media platforms? So people could choose their own odds and wager directly against their adversary. Remember the crowdpac fundraiser when she voted for that knucklehead on the bench Sweet has never held public office, but has worked as an herbal healer who performed seances for her clients. 

I’d like to win this election. I pray this is the truth , from God's mouth to your ears And her BK performance, she is a fake.

And I don't mean Burger King i guess after killing 100k of us by incompetence, what's another 100m by intention. I feel sorry for you. "Not suffering fools lightly" is *not* a "weird mindset". Unlike what the democrats have been doing for Trumps entire presidency. Biden did well because super tuesday is heavily weighted towards southern states. Those states have large black populations. Black voters came out strongly in favor of Biden for two reasons. First, black voters tend to be more moderate so they voted for the moderate candidate. Second, Biden's history with Obama lent him familiarity and credibility with black voters. The southern states on super tuesday is also exactly where Hillary pulled ahead of Sanders in 2016. How many people have to die before this stupid frigging guy is removed?...every republican that voted not to remove him during impeachment has to bear that cross, hopefully history will not be kind to them. I still think she is too polarizing, as unfair a characterization as that is, she still has a lot of baggage. I get that the choice of a woman is what they "think" people want but idk.....I think man or woman, the best person for the job should always be the choice. Ahhh I didn’t pick up on the reference, but well done lol I mean agree with this but it was more poking fun at her constant “grave concerns” about trump and then doing absolutely nothing about it. Also her comment that Trump “learned a lesson” thru the impeachment process. He did learn a lesson: that he can do whatever the fuck he wants and no one will hold him accountable. She seems like the obvious choice to me.  A VP might have to serve as president too, and either Biden or Warren would trounce Trump this fall.  Together, he hasn't got a chance.  Confidence in Warren's ability to serve as necessary is probably pretty high. Probably not. If she’s voted out she has all of the right connections to stay in DC and be a lobbyist or something. 

But yeah in general she’s stopped fooling Maine with her “across the aisle” bs that originally got her elected. I agree. I dont think people realize just how bad it could get. You can't argue with that. The thought of Collins getting the boot after the bullshit she's pulled the past few years has me super excited. She's gambled her entire legacy and political future on Trump and that is going to cost her everything. That wouldn't surprise me. On the other hand replace him with Pence... Any means necessary. Every now and then you see how they really feel. This is one of those. Get Fucked Collins I knew you'd say that. Power is the goal, money is the perk. In your case, yes Ann Coulter made the comment that Trump is purposely trying to give the Senate over to the Democrats. His actions lately make me wonder if that’s true. He is totally off the rocker right now. That's it, isn't it? Belief over reason. Depends on who you choose to believe. I hope she and several other republican senators get voted out But can she run for president? She seems more stable. Same thing, but when law enforcement does it it's called investigating; when CIA does it it's called spying. Either way it's legal. This has zero to do with the first amendment. Jfc read up on publisher vs platform before you post. Twitter isn't a platform anymore. Otherwise they'd have to be fact checking everyone. Forcibly remove his entire fascist regime immediately. FBI, CIA, National Guard, Capitol Police, U.S. Marshalls I don't care how just make it happen. North Carolina here. I think Biden will take the urban and surrounding areas but rural will go GOP, pretty much what happened in 2016. However the state’s population growth is in the urban centers while there has been some rural population decline. 

Don’t know whether or not this will be enough to turn the state, who knows. If Biden comes up with a rural platform and actually visits this demographic it would go a long way I think. You say this like we don't already have them now. Joe Biden hasn’t said one thing that makes me not want to vote for him. I support his entire agenda. I want to be clear that I am enthusiastically voting FOR Joe Biden. Fact:Spied on Trump campaign .  you have a weird mindset if you don't take someone seriously unless they bet their hard earned money on an election prediction. people don't go for that because it doesn't make sense, not because they are slithering cowards. you on the other hand might have a gambling addiction. Fact: FBI investigated Russian involvement in elections, phone tapped Russian ambassador talking with American- all legal. Generally they redact the American's name. In this case his identity (Flynn) was material to the story, so they didn't redact it in the report to Obama and others authorized to know. All legal. Another Trump nothingburger. These guys all want to be reelected. Trump has turned everything and everyone into something political and the sad part is most of them don't have balls enough to say no. Same goes for the CDC and some of the members of empty-suit Pence's coronavirus team for one Birx she seems to timid to disagree with trump and sometimes dodges questions where she knows she would be put on the spot. And same goes for Jerome Adams he seeks the presidents approval and of course don't forget pinhead Alex Azar who screwed up since day one right along with trump. I think it's more about who we are voting against and what that individual represents... I never said he was that conservative, just that between the two, Biden and Sanders, Sanders is the more leftist.  Biden is a solid moderate Dem.  He's not my first choice (voted for Sanders this year, and in 2016) but I'm planning to vote for him in the fall.  #runupthescore Not accusations anymore. Fact. Things will change now. For sure. They got him Biden isn’t as conservative as Sanders supporters like to make him out to be. What Biden is is a “mainstream Democrat” which means that as the party evolves, so does he. And that’s just fine because whatever we can get a Democratic Congress to send him, he will sign it. He was like my 7th or 8th choice but I have never in my life been so excited to vote for someone. Good Democrats understand self-defense. The top reason is that there was no vandalism with the reopener protests. At least that's true in my state. I can guarantee it would not have went well if people started breaking windows and vandalizing police property during the reopen protests. Dividing Democrats *and* violent rhetoric? That'll be a "no thanks" from me. If Trump causes the GOP to implode he may inadvertantly have a hand in making America great. John Dickerson is great. Check him out on the Political Gabfest podcast. 

This interview was batshit crazy tho. This clip doesn’t even show my favorite part where John says the quote about the Oval Office not having corners so there is nowhere to hide.

(This is a....Metaphor)

Trump takes this literally and says, “yeah but as you can see we have secret agents” or some crap like that. He only thinks literally about corners. Hahahahah

This was the moment I realize what kind of intellect was leading the free world. This is not good. National polls are nice, but the important ones are in Wisconsin, North Carolina, Arizona, and the other swing states. Biden could win majority by a huge margin, but still lose the delegates. 

Adopt a state, find out ways you can help locally, find out what you can do and what days are important

https://votesaveamerica.com/ Is there evidence of large numbers of registered Republicans changing party affiliation? Open primary results alone don't support your hypothesis. Isn’t that their entire platform? I hate seeing these polls.   While I want Susan Collins to lose big time I think polls like these attract Republicussian attention and efforts towards the specific election I'm not challenging you, but the point wouldn't be whether the bet makes sense. It's a way of demonstrating to others that the person actually believes in the position to some degree, as opposed to just trolling, as is often the case.

If you were saying Collins would lose, I would invite you to make some money while I match you dollar for dollar. You (not "you" obviously) would lose more than I gain, which makes it different from a straight odds bet, but there's no convenient way to broker that kind of bet between random people. Predictit at least gives one mechanism that can work, more or less.

Nobody ever goes for it. Vote. 

Vote. 

Vote. 

Vote until it hurts. 

Then vote again. That's funny. I'm not slithering away hahaha I just don't see much sense in the bet considering how strong my position is!! I have often invited people who make confident claims about political outcomes to put their money where their mouth is, and make the bet on the relevant proposition on PredictIt. The offer is for them to do that, and share the receipt, and I will do the same.

No one has ever taken me up on the offer. Some have attacked the integrity of predictit claiming they manipulate the results somehow, but most of them just slither away as soon as it becomes possible to put something tangible on it. I'm pretty sure Russia will be providing most of that for free like last time. I feel like if they were gonna do that they would have voted someone like Bloomberg. You may not like Biden, he isnt my first choice either, but he's still not as bad as what we could have had. Honestly. I'm gonna be a first time voter and I can think of no better time to be voting than to be voting Trump out. To a large extent he is representative of Americans as individuals and the society as a whole. Our current situation in humanity can be characterized as precarious at best. It seems clear that we as Americans as well as the world on the whole are headed toward some pretty dark days as a result of global warming alone. I would go so far as to say we are odds on even that 2016 was the last peaceful transition of government. At some point global warming will cause a major crop failure and that will come at the same time of year as a virus spike. If it happens this year the writing is clear but the truth is we don’t have many autumns left. There’s also Betsy Sweet (D) who’s running on a much stronger platform but not getting as much attention as Gideon who beats Collins rn. Betray also promotes policies that are very favorable in this survey. Can’t November be today already?? My suspicion is that the reason Biden did so well is that former GOP voters, disgusted by Trump, voted for him en masse.  Sanders is obviously too leftist for them. Time to use the 25th section 4 on his incompetent ass. If people actually vote this time it will be an epic unprecedented blue wave. You are right and I think it goes further back to Newt and Co. Thy derailed the entire party and they all went and are going along for the ride. Quit your nonsense.

The president has zero authority to regulate either.

Zero. 

And any private platform or publisher has the right to host someone or not. Period. 


Keep licking those trump boots. I bet Suzi is clutching her pearls. If Biden is "defeated", this country will burn. Me too! I’d go so far to say that she is troubled by this new information. I'm not following. Please explain If you keep saying all female this and all female that, you make being female in leadership weird. Awesome! Glad to hear. Crush her. He only does whatever is beneficial to himself. He will continue to abuse his power on Twitter unless we send a message that it's no longer politically expedient for him to do so.

Sign and share this petition to have our voices heard.


https://www.change.org/DeleteTrumpTweets I wonder if Susan Collins has grave concerns about this? But it’s ok I’m sure she will learn a lesson from this. I can’t wait!  This is going to be epic! Think of someone as malicious as Trump, who wants to be a dictator just as bad, but is actually smart. 

That's the nightmare scenario. Dude I get your point but please don't give them any ideas. It’s coming for sure.  Trump will likely wait until weeks or days before the election to unleash all the spam bots, disinformation ads, conspiracy theories and attack ads.  Will be interesting to see how easy they are to counter. Yes, no, yes. :) But what is anyone doing about his antics?  We, myself included, sit idly. What CAN we do? I know elections are coming up, but frankly that's a long way off. It's truly embarrassing to be an American. Yes, most people do not fact check most of what they read, especially when it aligns with their existing beliefs.  This is the problem with our media bubbles. Just wait til he releases the tidal wave of money he has. I fear the only reason Bloomberg failed with his carpet bombing of ads was because he didn't have a base to start with. Trump does. Almost anyone would be a better president. I'd take Kim Kardashian at this point. We should be protesting this president like Hong Kong is against extradition I had no idea this exists!! Yup, but it's been going on even longer than that.  I'd say it started in the 70s, and reached the inflection point with Reagan and went asymptotic after Obama.

At this rate, the next Republican president will make Trump look good. Market for Maine currently has it 66% for Democratic winner: https://www.predictit.org/markets/detail/5811/Which-party-will-win-the-US-Senate-election-in-Maine-in-2020

Arizona is 77% for Democratic winner: https://www.predictit.org/markets/detail/5809/Which-party-will-win-the-US-Senate-special-election-in-Arizona-in-2020 The lead ain't big enough -He deliberately spreads misinformation through Twitter, making the bot farms’ job way easier.

-He threatens a private company with an executive order because he violated their rules of conduct.

-He wastes a record amount of taxpayer money on golf trips and promoting/buying a drug that does not help COVID cases. Also administering the drug to veterans  through the VA to use up the stock of hydroxychloroquine that they bought with taxpayer money.

-He pushes conspiracy theories on private American citizens through his Twitter account because that citizen hurt his delicate ego.

-He completely put the responsibility of the pandemic on the states’ governors and then pushes more quid pro quo on blue states.

Other than “giving it to the libruls”, what is the appeal of this man? 'now eat shit cuz i don't have any empathy and will oppose m4a at each and every turn' She'll comfort herself with the piles of cash. It’s going to be like that until we get rid of Trump. Once he’s out of the way, I think people might start coming to their senses. same Imagine if the /r/conservative sub made a similar comment about Obama... Unfortunately... Biden was not my first choice. I'm gonna fall in line, but I sincerely hope he chooses someone more progressive for VP. VOTE! May that be the footnote in history for many many people. We've watched Trump get away with so many things he shouldn't have been able to thanks to feckless treasonous Republicans. So the answer is yes, unless we vote these unamerican bastards out and hold them accountable. No. not without congress Your title is why we need to shut down twitter. Such a solid suit, that’s why she dropped it. 🤦‍♂️ It's not spam. It's a petition directly related to the issue raised in the post. Send a message that we'll punish Trump for the vile things he posts.


https://www.change.org/DeleteTrumpTweets >There are more truly moderate conservatives in the Democratic party than there are in the Republican party right now

and the dem primaries seem to have reflected that pretty clearly this year That's sad. That's not good. Let's be honest He cannot. But the American people can send a message that we'll punish him for the bullshit he posts.


https://www.change.org/DeleteTrumpTweets It irks me daily. The bogus surveillance accusations are just the latest nothingburger. He can probably die trying. Bogus? She called a US veteran and congresswoman a Russian asset, sounds defamatory to me. Fuck HRC. So much for the "moderate" Tepublican myth. The whole party has been marching further to the right ever since GWB took office. They've lost or radicalized all voters who were remotely moderate, so in order to keep their office, elected Republicans need to pander to the right. There are more truly moderate conservatives in the Democratic party than there are in the Republican party right now... Twitter is also a company. If they want to have bias towards one party or belief that is their right. Twitter is not a right, it is a companys product Good So they've gone full Nazi. All good points, need to make voting days mandatory holiday's, and online voting and mail in ballots easier and more reliable. Nice! In 2016 VP’s were announced in July so this is just fine. I like JB’s approach in selecting a VP. I hope he finds someone who is as supportive to him as he was to Obama.  You mean the cult 45 train for the uneducated? She gambled her legacy on Trump and it will cost her everything. It’s going on to be an interesting five months. You see how moronic his supporters are. Don’t jump on their bandwagon of ridiculousness. Unsurprising. If I was I betting man I would put money on this election and az [Here](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/05/28/twitter-ceo-stands-by-fact-check-on-trumps-tweets.html) is another! I think it is pretty crazy to think "Conservatives voices are being stiffed",  researchers have already researched this, [here](https://guides.lib.umich.edu/c.php?g=637508&p=4462444) is a popular reference.   There is a difference from being silenced and straight up calling someone out on there bullshit.  The obscurity is fucking bananas. Holy shit please vote in November. Trump has lied more than any other president. He has used twitter for some of that. Now, when they fact check him on something he throws a tantrum. This has nothing to do with right and wrong, it’s is just the delusional whims of a giant man baby being told no. We as a country have been using mail in ballots to some degree for years and it has not been a problem. Please, go outside, find the nearest plant, and apologize for wasting the oxygen it produces. It looks frustrating and it is.  I despise Trump and the Tea Party politics that led us to Trump.  Yes, 2018 was a leftward shift.  But there is a reason we, the U.S., purposely created a system that was not parliamentary and direct.  You elect your representatives and Senators.  The onus is on you to participate, express your political views freely, and leave it to your equal voting peers to decide what path they wanted at election time.  If 2016 and 2018 showed anything, it's that if people don't participate and don't engage, they get Trump.  When they do engage, participate, and vote, they flip the House of Representatives.  In 2020, with record breaking turnout, we can flip the Senate and take back the White House.  But it depends on people deciding democracy is worth their time.  The people determine the outcome in volume.  Sit at home or sit on your hands unhappy and we get the corporately-backed, inorganic Tea Party takeover of Congress and Donald Trump.

A signer of our Constitution looked to Benjamin Franklin after the signing and said, "Well, Ben, we've got you the democracy you wanted from the revolution you demanded.".

Franklin thought a second and said, "We simply have a democracy if we can keep it.".  That Constitution is only as strong as the people who benefit from it.  It depends on their care, participation, and engagement.  U.S. Conservatives in the 1970s depended on the left taking their eye off the ball, not caring anymore, and hopefully not participating anymore.  Why?  The right falls in line and makes money, the left falls in line and divides itself.  Voter turnout from 1980 to 2016 drive downward except for the years when they didn't and guess what happened those years?  More people on the left got elected because they were pissed and unified.

If you want revolutionary change, participate.  If your candidate doesn't win the primary, don't leave the door open for the right to depend on your non-participation.  Tough it out, then demand the change you want.  But in our system and in current times, not voting or voting third party only open the door for the evil plurality on the right and Donald Trump.  They depend on the left turning against itself.

The things I would change in the Constitution?  Get rid of the Electoral College, put the second half of the Second Amendment in BOLD, and clarify emphatically the intent of the Tenth Amendment to states that they are the children and the federal government serve as the parents.  Otherwise, it is an incredible document, not perfect, and it should be interpreted in our time, not 1787.

We can make this whole thing bloodless if everyone of us got off our asses and motivate others to do the same and participate fully.  It's a simple concept that requires sacrifice that is uncomfortable.  But it is what makes sure we can keep the democracy we were given in the Constitution.

Rant over.  My apologies. Yes. But Twitter wasn’t editorializing. They were fact checking. One of the four or five most influential heads of state incumbent in the world tweeted a lie about his own government with the intent of misleading his own people, all on the taxpayer dime. Twitter was protecting their platform by calling him out. 

Trump doesn’t know the difference between a platform and a publisher, and he also woefully fails to understand the First Amendment. I definitely will. You can count on me. I hope he just keeps eating. I guess the voters have learned their lesson from her impeachment performance. Republicans get elected saying government doesn't work, once in office cut as much funding as possible to agencies who's work they oppose, then appoint those opposed to government to heads of said agencies, point out agencies failing at there jobs, then say "See we told you" Simple, but devastatingly effective way to sugically dismantle the parts of government that prevent them from the goal of a true oligarchy. That wouldn't surprise me, he wants to fuck Ivanka.  It's more of a continuous flow of shit, just wondering when it'll end.  

Yeah, you're right, if he said he's gonna gang bang her for charity, I'd say he's par for the course.

He obviously thinks he's a superior mate, Melania is so scared of his mushroom she sleeps in another bed in another room 😂🙏✌️ Do you know the difference between publishers and platforms? And the protections that platforms are given under the law? That's the big issue at debate here. Sorry but twitter rightfully so is going to be fucked. This is the first time I will be voting by mail. As the voting site is only 5 miles from my place it has been no big deal to drive over real quickly but living in the country which is predominantly republican I don’t want to deal with the cray-cray this year, since most of them will not be wearing masks. 

Yeah for mail in voting!!! Same here, but it is nice to see how ineffective Trumps campaign and media influence is becoming. You suppress me? No...I suppress YOU TWITTER You tried to deflect from trump’s corruption.

He is literally trying to intimidate and control our media.


Address the point, don’t try to weasel a way to defend this nonsense. Trump needs to go.  Say it. You can't fix stupid. Well I guess if you just declare you're right any point can be made. Nice I was astounded by this. For me, it was the moment I realized that nobody was going to do anything about this Dangerous Buffoon. It is when the fear became real. The people crying about a Democrat becoming a dictator are the same one that‘a blind when it’s right in front of them No, it’s bullshit and rarely ever happens.

You’re a coward conservative trying to find little ways to carry trump’s water. A Paul Ryan.

You aren’t fooling anyone. You are wrong and want to sound smart but you are making yourself look silly.

Right now everyone is still distracted.

August is the perfect time. He went from "it's 15 people" to "100,000 dead is really good because it could have been 2 million".

And not a single one of his base batted an eye. Umm trump knows if he shut down twitter than he can’t use it either. How else is he going to rant crazy shit at midnight Trump has outsourced all presidential empathy, compassion and humanity to Biden.  

It frees him up to tweet more half baked conspiracies and rage against the world. I will admit that Joe has a heart. Tho, in the back of my head I realize too, that he is running for President of the US. Please learn something about politics before you comment on them. I wonder if any of those British gambling sites have odds on Trump dying in office.  Might be worth a buck or two. Sorry but at this point it's gonna take Trump participating in a gang bang on Ivanka to surprise me. I literally got someone else's mail yesterday. Ask around. It happens. And what happens if that happens to a trump supporter? He could be getting fraudulent votes. 
Plus


https://apnews.com/f5f245dbff474013a5f4bda673818138/California-DMV:-Non-citizens-may-be-registered-to-vote > You know that they don't.

I am assuming you mean the audience doesn't fact check for themselves? You know that they don't. The Hill is?  Do you have a link?

I sometimes read them when articles pop up in my news aggregator app thingy.  I never thought of them as particularly biased. Which will be immediately challenged in court.  The beauty is that these platforms are so big that nearly anyone can bring a suit. He won't catch covid because he's taking cloroxcolonic every day.

I get annoyed with Trump, but my real hatred came out for McConnell and Barr.  Those two are actively evil and trying to undermine the US.  The problem is that they're smart and actually pulling it off. No, but I saw the Democrats down play the virus until we had to lock down and then got mad at trump for not acting fast enough. Nothing

But you keep trying Doing it early has zero benefit Do we really want social platforms 'fact checking' for us? It seems to me that this will lead to even more confusion as the fact checkers fact check the fact checkers. I suggest that the audience do their own foot work. People LIKE Joe but his enthusiasm numbers are lower than John Kerry’s. That’s why he needs someone early that can boost enthusiasm in case he keeps up with his gaffes. 

Some of us are realistic and look at the world outside of the positive. Absolutely. It just sucks when parents let you down Honestly? I've been waiting for asylum seekers from the US to start showing up for a while... about the last three years. You won't be the first, and obviously you won't be the last. 

And YES, you CAN come here. Rent free Yes she is! I do t think I’ve ever heard her talk. I just know she thic tho But she has that squealing voice tha'ts so annoying.  That’s probably cuz she’s so banging >Can't someone just give him his binkie and blankie and put him down for a nap?

He needs a Snickers bar, lol Meanwhile Trump commemorated the grim milestone by bitching that Twitter fact checked 0.0001% of his lies. Can we come to your country and live? I never thought it would come to this but now i just want out. That would just rile up his supporters even more 
>wish he had spent the first half consoling, and the second half attacking Trump on testing, tracing, bad treatment recommendations, and economic relief

Too soon. If he goes now he lets Trump off the hook. Trump will spin so the covo will be about Biden politicising  # of dead. He needs to wait a bit. Yeah you don't wanna take tax money from those states. They won't like that. I think trump needs his diaper changed and  glue a pacifier in his big mouth. "Everyone has to be nice to me and say I'm great and Obama is stupid." The worst 49% of our voters. I don't want him to die solely because I want him to live to see his image and legacy and "fortune" totally destroyed. Dismantle everything that means something to Trump in front of his eyes. That would be worse than death. And that's what he deserves.


Also he gets to watch from jail as his financial records are made publ6, Melania tells all, his wretched kids are dragged before Congress and grilled for corruption before also going to jail, Baron changes his last name to Obama-Clinton, all his former republican allies denounce him because they're worried about their own seats, etc etc etc. Executive orders retroactively cancelling the election and making him King forever.


Mitt Romney agrees this is too far. Literally no other republican sees an issue with it. What's the order? I worry that's not enough to cover up for what will be brazen republican ratfuckery. I’ll never understand.. EVER. Here's a draft of the EO:


https://twitter.com/angrierwhstaff/status/1265878676425650178?s=12 Twitter is free, he’s been using it to his advantage for years gaining influence and spreading his false propaganda all for no cost to him. Just spreading lies and bullying people, sometimes possibly ruining lives and twisting the minds of easily led morons freely with no consequences. 

So, what’s he going to do? Sue a free service? Talk about how they “ripped him off”? Suggest that a free service allow him to continue lying for political gain or else “my lawyers will sue you for getting “too moral””?

If you don’t like it, leave it!! That’s been your party’s anthem for years! Practice what you preach, dickhead! Like ouroboros, a snake infinity swallowing it's own tail, he lies to cover his lies about lying. Do your ovaries make you better at leading? If they do, then awesome. Lead away. But, if they don't why should I care? Just means the ineffective, old, and uncaring politicians leading one of our states will be sans-penis. Care to speak to their actual leadership abilities, political beliefs, or the plans they have for the state? No? Just gonna let us all know that there'll be an entire U.S. House delegation for Biden or Trump to make uncomfortable? Nice. Have you seen the anti-intellectual Republicans display their ignorance of viral epidemiology and pandemic preparedness? I get fussy when I don’t nap too. Trump has a history of turning on those that help him. It’s only a matter of time until the old dog bites all the hands that have been feeding him, then he’ll act like he was the one that was bitten. Can't someone just give him his binkie and blankie and put him down for a nap? Fuck off, Gabbard Biden coming to the rescue doing what Trump is unable to do. Be presidential. This is kind of rude how we label him like this. I understand the criticism is deserved but no matter who the person is this is still rude. I was curious and all it said was his claims weren’t proven by CNN. I did some research and found several examples of voter fraud with mail in ballots. In fact, i get the wrong mail in my mailbox fairly often. What’s would happen if someone’s ballot ended up in my mailbox? When it gets to 50 points we can relax for a minute. Where were you when Trump has taken more substantive action in fighting Twitter than corona Preach bro...exactly how I feel. Are you aware of the differences of being a publisher vs a platform? Lewandowski is a puke but thinks he’s all that. I saw a false report on Facebook today about Biden. The link clicked to a weird site with total disinformation. And people are sharing it like it’s 100% fact. Fucking VOTE im not even old enough to vote He’s going to fight tooth and nail for a power grab. I truly hope the military will side with the country and not with him. lmao i fucking hate trump so much I feel this. So much. And I’ve never wished death on anyone so I also hate what he’s reduced me to. Dems need to get out and vote vote vote!! Haha of the nation. There are millions who don't really give a fuck and/or think it's overblown Do you ever hang out in [/r/TrumpCriticizesTrump](np.reddit.com/r/TrumpCriticizesTrump) 

[Great post at the moment](https://www.reddit.com/r/TrumpCriticizesTrump/comments/grgxu5/twitter_is_completely_stifling_free_speech_and_i/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) You're right.  They first said she was named, and then said she wasn't.  They directly contradict their own reporting in this article and also contradict their write-up on it in October of last year.  Piss poor reporting. We rank 8th per deaths per 100k Now *that* would be against the First Amendment, as...you know, it would be a government offficial doing it.  I love how he probably doesn't notice the cognitive dissonance. Saddening Sweet!  I also vote by mail, but I figure vote by mail folks vote more reliably than vote in person types. Which is why I’m glad to see vote by mail being championed by Democrats and Progressives!  🇺🇸 Executive order to stop first  Amendment ? Did I miss something? People have basically been doing that from the start. His fans don't care. ? Trump is literally the president of hell. He practices Necropolitics. I saw it with my mother. I am seeing all the same signs in Trump. 

1) delusions. My mother thought JFK was close friends with my grandfather. Not too far fetched since she and her family lived on cape cod for generations dating back to the first settlers. I called my grandfather who is 95 but still sharp. “No. Not at all. Is she ok?”

You’re seeing this type of delusion in Trump already. Yet people are too afraid to give him the truth. 

2) the next step my mother had was she would go over to her neighbors and accuse them of murdering her brother. This went on for about a year. She started believing lies in her head about people, developed paranoid schizophrenia. 

You’re seeing this with trump. I don’t have to say examples, you already know. 

3) psychotic episode. My mother took off all the door handles in her home. One night she went over to the neighbors and started shoveling in their front yard next to the mailbox.  According to the report my mother was screaming her brother’s name repeatedly. Also she was saying “dad (my grandpa) told me you were here!”

This is what’s gonna happen. Trump will have a psychotic break within the next couple years Honestly, as an outsider, I feel like nothing will happen in the US without violence at this point. Your system is so woefully broken that there is no way for anyone with principles to get into any meaningful position in the US. The last two elections were people presenting a progressive face to Democrat voters and flipping on Bernie the instant they thought there was a chance of donor money drying up. And those are meant to be the "good" guys.
Downtown or Santa Monica or something? I don't live in USA. I'm from Europe. But seeing how cops have been acting in these protests... yes, in my opinion that is a strong reason to tear down your institutions, because for you it might be nothing, but seeing your friends beaten up for no reason, shot with rubber bullets, teae gaa bombs in the face. I'm agains looting businesses though. But institutions? Yeah! I mean if you *want* to see, you have a lot of proof around, which shows how cops are abusing their power, how they always are the initiators to start  beating protesters. Cops also have attacked journalists, random citizens etc etc. You may say but there are violent protesters as well. Yes there are, but you rarely see cops to attack looters. Now all of this is happening in front of cameras. Imagine what they have done when there wasn't any camera around these past 20 years.  In my opinion the whole 'police system' in USA needs to be reformed. And I'm really happy that people finally woke up! they are not the same, one is a toy!!!!!!!!! Source? Jesus, this topic has been researched and studied for decades with tons of data collected. To pretend it's just a myth is literally part of the problem

https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/05/29/heres-why-we-dont-see-protests-when-police-unjustly-kill-white-people/ not a lib i own guns and would use them i just dont want the sheriff all excited about it Another libturd spewing shit out his face. Being that antifa is also not a organised group you cant label them as terrorists, not even domestic terrorists. Socialists/Anarchists? probably yes. I want to have an open conversation, I’m open to your thoughts. Go into detail if u have the time. I’m not here to lionize anyone. I respect you and want more people to understand that the right aren’t like how the media can portray them to be. My ears are open for anyone who is willing to speak with me ♥️ Is there a source for this that I can show people? Its also worth not believing everything you hear, take it with a pinch of salt.

It might be true that the people looting are Antifa followers or supporters, but it also might not be them, it could just be desperate people taking advantage of a city that law system no longer is functioning to stop them from breaking into a store and taking stuff in there. No. Does this give a reason to tear down our institutions? But there are no leaders of antifa? its just a idea/movement True, I wonder how this scales for all arrests. Also I'd love to see the data source Does this make cops less bad ? Well if so many of you knew this already then why are you not talking about it? I’ve checked more than a dozen conservative/republican forums on reddit and its like the only thing you guys are focused on is protesting lockdowns aimed at curbing a deadly virus and only turn your head when protests become violent and whenever a police officer gets hurt but what about the murder of innocent people of color? You act like you agree but stay completely silent and support a president who encourages racism. You’re not fooling anyone. These examples are nowhere near the same. Watch the full [video](https://youtu.be/CDBLGYd4AMY) and judge for yourself. Yea I agree I can definitely see where they are coming from, it’s sad some decided to do it in a bad way Kaitlyn Bennet brought an AR-10 to her graduation and Tamir Rice was fatally shot for a toy gun.

Edit: I see this comment is not well favored and apologize to those offended. My point was to present to everyone what racial disparity can look like. He had dire consequences brought to him unlike her where as she was able to walk away with her life. Don’t quote me but Tamar was killed for being “armed” however the same did not apply to Kaitlyn. I hope everyone is doing okay x But he didn’t commit a violent crime... The bricks arent for throwing. It's a tactic from the Hong Kong protests used to impede the movement of law enforcement. Project Veritas is an American right-wing activist group.[1][2][3][4] The group uses "disguises and hidden cameras to uncover supposed liberal bias and corruption".[1] The group is known for producing deceptively edited videos about media organizations and left-leaning groups.[5][2][6][7][8][9][10] In a 2018 book on propaganda and disinformation in U.S. politics, three Harvard University scholars refer to Project Veritas as a "right-wing disinformation outfit".[11]”

I didn’t even have to look this up to know what it was immediately. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Veritas


Project Veritas founder is James O'Keefe. 

James O'Keefe

“James Edward O'Keefe III (born June 28, 1984) is an American conservative political conspiracy theorist and provocateur.[2][3] He produces secretly recorded undercover audio and video encounters in academic, governmental, and social service organizations, purporting to show abusive or allegedly illegal behavior by employees and/or representatives of those organizations.[4] He has selectively edited videos to misrepresent the context of the conversations and the subjects' responses, creating the false impression that people said or did things they did not.[5][6][7][8][9]”


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_O%27Keefe

This took 3 minutes. Weren’t you just bashing conspiracy theorists?

Edit: click links and then the numbered references to see more sources All I can say is the 1965 immigration change was one of the worst things to ever happen to the country. Fair enough Weak argument. You claim groups of "academics" hold this opinion but don't name any. Instead you reference your friend. I've got crazy friends who claim to be conservatives, want to hear some of their crackpot theories? His ruling was also made based on facts, no? He stated “multiple fractures in Epstein’s neck were more consistent with homicide by strangulation and rarely seen in suicide by hanging.” I found that this examination matched the rest of the evidence more than the original “he just hung himself” excuse. Project veritas already warned us you brainlet -

https://youtu.be/apDe89rMEjo

From antifas mouth under cover. 

Who am I kidding.. I’m speaking to antifa right now you only care to subvert not the truth. But at least the rest can see you are full of shit. Yeah so they have targeted police officers and people pointing deadly weapons at them have been mobbed. 

What does that have to do with the homeless? We all know infowars loves a good headline.

You contribute to the disinformation campaign weighing a war on the country and you don’t question any of the sources or the narratives. Just because something seems like “it might be true” lmao doesn’t make it true. 

Wrong and strong. I don’t even have anything else to say to you like if you can’t even consider the possibility that some information you thought was true is actually false then this isn’t even worth having because it’s like it’s truly brain dead behavior. Surely his trustworthyness should come from his ruling being based on facts, not their opposition to powerful people. If they come to the suburbs they are risking getting shot > I watch all sources. When I see a police officer in intentional hit and runs... people beaten to a pulp in ICU... apartment blocks burning down..
> I’m sorry some idiot in the internet has a conspiracy theory why they burnt a mattress they found, when they are burning property across the USA....
> You’re a real brainlet. I watch all sources. When I see a police officer in intentional hit and runs...  people beaten to a pulp in ICU...  apartment blocks burning down.. 

I’m sorry some idiot in the internet has a conspiracy theory why they burnt a mattress they found, when they are burning property across the USA.... 

You’re a real brainlet. Because he had no problem disregarding the ruling that extremely powerful, corrupt people wanted him to make. 

If you have a baseline-level IQ, you can easily come to the conclusion that Epstein was taken out blatantly and obviously. The only person to come out and directly oppose this cover-up, and instead, complete an unbiased examination, was him. It’s just my opinion. If this gets brigaded I'll sticky it. If Antifa really exists at all, it would have to be a very minor portion of any larger group. 

Seriously, try to join up and I bet you anything you can’t even find them to try. At most, it’s a small group of pissed off people venting frustration on the internet. There is no leadership. They have no people that are obviously followers trying to push some organized agenda. It’s just a conspiracy theory.

Edit: just read through your link. In that it is basically just lumping any person or small, disassociated group that is violently opposed to racist groups as antifa. That doesn’t make them a real group, just a descriptor. How much critical thinking do you lack to not even question your sources? How brainwashed do you need to be to trust infowars, which would sell you piss in a can and call it hold if they could make money off it.

Like the rioters have been destructive, but I’ve only seen video of them attacking cops and people pointing arrows and swords. 

The fact that infowars staff did a live feed of this just to create this headline is a disturbing low. I agree there are issues, but what are those issues? For give the length of this, but it is important we have specificity in our discussions right now. I agree we have a lot of issues, but the issues presented by BLM are not accurate. And with respect, being an Australian, I doubt you have looked at our crime statistics so I'd like to share some with you as well as some videos. These are things the media never reports. The media show one bad shooting, they don't show all the other ones that were entirely justified.

The overarching argument BLM puts forth is rather vague but it essentially states that black people are discriminated against which leads to them being disproportionately killed by or harassed by cops.

In [this report](https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/) we see the numbers of people shot by police the past few years. Now the population of the US is about 73% white to 13% black. So about 5.6 to 1. In this report we see that white people are shot by cops as compared to black people at a rate of 2 to 1. We would expect it to be 5.6 to 1 if all things are proportional. But should the proportion be against the population percentage or against the amount of crime being committed? Now, let's not worry about why one group commits more crime than another group, but clearly if black Americans committed more crime than white Americans, then we would expect to see more arrests of black Americans, which would naturally lead to more incidents with cops shooting someone (by the way, the vast vast majority of these shootings are by the book in which the cop was defending him or herself, or other civilians).

So to reiterate, by population, the number of black people shot by cops is disproportionate. But let's look at the rates of crime committed by race (we can talk about why these rates are what they are but for now let's just look at the rates).

According to the [FBI chart on arrests by race and by crime](https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2017/crime-in-the-u.s.-2017/tables/table-43), we can see some rather telling numbers.

* White people arrested for total crimes was 5.6 million, for black people it 2.2 million. Again, the population ratio of white to black is 5.6 to 1. So per capita, Black Americans commit 2.2 times the number of crime as white people. 
* For manslaughter and non-negligent homicide (so intentional killing) - white Americans were arrest 4,188 times, Black people 5,025 times. Again, the population ratio is 5.6 to 1 white to black. Here the ratio is 4.1 to 5, white to black.
* Rape is about 12 to 5 white to black. Again that population is 5.6 to 1, so if 12,000 rapes were committed by white people, you would expect about 2,000 rapes by black people. We see over double what we should expect.

Go down the list. Except for maybe arson, black people are committing more crime than you would expect based on the population ratio. None of this means black people are bad people or something, I agree with you, there is clearly an issue. But is it racist cops? Is it racist white folks?

Now some of those crimes can be explained away slightly. Black people get in trouble gambling more perhaps in part because they tend to be poorer and can't make it to casinos. That is what the left would say. But what they also don't tell you is that one of the reasons that happens is because that illegal gambling often happens outside. When I lived in Brooklyn, I would see it happening a lot. Is that cops being racist or is that their choice? The left will claim that white kids smoke just as much pot but don't get arrested for it. Maybe so, but a lot of times a person is caught committing a crime AND they have weed on them. But then the stats are not communicated properly, so it sounds like you have all these people in jail just for weed possession, when it was likely it was another charge AND possession. Cops rarely give a shit if you are puffing a joint, but if you're puffing a joint and trespassing? They'll enter a charge of possession.

[Here is a long survey study](https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cv18.pdf) about violence in the US in 2018. I won't break it all down, but table 14 shows the number of times each race was victimized and then shows what percentage of those crimes were perpetrated by each race. So you see the number of white victims and then how many of those incidents were cause by white people, black people, Hispanic people, etc. So I took those numbers and did the math.

Black on White violence: ~530,000 incidents
Black on Black violence: ~392,000 incidents
White on Black violence: ~ 56,394 incidents
White on White violence: ~2,220,000 incidents

Again, there are 5.6 times more white people in the US than black people. The story we see here is that white people do not victimize black people nearly as much as the media portrays. Keep this in mind, White people are violent far more often to themselves than they are to black people. Black people are actually MORE likely to hurt a white person than a fellow black person.

Also, based on those statistics note this. White on black violence is a fraction of black on white violence. There are almost 10 times the number of black on white violence incidents as there are white on black incidents.

Finally, I want to show you two videos. [This one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfi3Ndh3n-g) is a BLM protester going through some police training to see how fast cops have to make decisions. This does not at all excuse the death of George Floyd, that was a very different incident. But when you look at police shootings, this video should show you why the vast majority of them happen. Think about the split second it takes to figure out if a person has a gun or not. And if someone is stupid enough to make a sudden move or try to attack the cop and the cop has to fire to protect himself, the media will say "A cop shot an unarmed man today." So they play that on the news, meanwhile highest cops in charge of reviewing it let the cop off because it was by the book. Suddenly because of media's bad reporting you have population who thinks the cop just shot an innocent unarmed man for no reason and that the police just let him off. The truth is the cop was being threatened and probably waited until the last possible second to shoot.

[This video is a horrific one that shows the dangers American cops face every day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=YQLOmfx8X_E&feature=emb_logo). The young man was pulled over for intoxication, the cops put him through the test, and then you see what happens. Note that the young man didn't resist arrest at first. Note how hard it was to subdue this person. Notice how the cops didn't start with guns. They escalated from their hands, to a taser, then to hands again. They didn't shoot until they were fired upon. IF an arrest goes bad, which most do not, it is so rarely the cop who messed it up.

Yes, things need to change, but what in that video should change? ‘Peaceful’ You're spinning this way to hard. It's really very simple. 60% of Democrat congressmen voted for the 1964 Civil Rights Act. 76% of Republicans voted for it. As the Democrats were in charge at the time, they couldn't have passed the Civil Rights act on their own. They needed Republican help and support. 

And by the way, Barry Goldwater voted against it because he thought the act was unconstitutional. And for no other reason. No, the issue is that Leftist, racist and anarchist organizations, such a ANTIFA and BLM are taking advantage off the rioting and people being gullible enough to believe their fairytale stories.

Right is the way to freedom. That simple. After all, the Republican Party IS the anti-Slavery party. That includes "mental-slavery" as well. As in victim blaming too. You do know that really sus tweets were posted claiming that it was black folks doing this, right? That protestors at the event reported that the people doing this came and left after burning things and recording themselves doing it? Do just the bare minimum of contextualizing research. Shocking failure. Shocking display of incompetence. Shocking disregard for the people of MI When does Antifa EVER identify itself openly? The only way to know is by checking two prerequisites: What the crowd claims to fight for and their methods.

But you're going as far as claiming they don't exist, which is mind boggling. They have their own black and red flag. It is an officially recognized group.

https://www.adl.org/resources/backgrounders/who-are-antifa So what came first? Chicken or the egg? The looters and rioters are dirty opportunists and yes, they ruin things for everyone. Their existence is however, not even in the slightest, an excuse for police to use violence against those who are not looters or rioters.  It is reasonable to have some understanding if people get caught in the crossfire when there are thousands of people and they try to stop rioters. Using violence when no rioting or looting is even close is indefensible, trying to justify that is nothing other than bootlicking and a big part of why the problem has grown to the size it is today. Neither is ANTIFA. Honestly, it is just a Boogieman group with no known leaders or members and is just used to scare people and drive a wedge between Americans. Does anyone wish the The Purge was real? I really do! I guarantee real American could deal with this situation in one night and without all the Liberals oppressing our freedoms to deal with the terrorist. We do blame that and them. 

They will find you. They will call you to task. You will be found as the terrorists you are. > The amount of brainwashing and cognitive dissonance you need to see a live clip Footage and multiple similar shows of destruction... and then sieve reality from fiction based on the brand added at bottom right corner.
> Are people like you born stupid? What’s the issue? https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gta5qg/dc_police_sending_officers_dressed_like_antifa_to/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf The amount of brainwashing and cognitive dissonance you need to see a live clip Footage and multiple similar shows of destruction... and then sieve reality from fiction based on the brand added at bottom right corner. 

Are people like you born stupid? What’s the issue? Didn’t Senator Thurmond stay on until the 90s? More like the peoples seal of approval, these protests outnumber the quarantine protests by far. Dems don’t care about facts. Actually, that is exactly what many groups and academics are asking for. For example, talking to a friend of mine who is a socialist, he says he is against private property period and that Stalin’s Soviet Union and Mao’s China didn’t go far enough and weren’t really socialist or communist. You literally said that my argument was complete and utter bullshit. I’ve watched a lot of videos from reddit and twitter over the past few days, and I will say there are a few videos that show the cops being too violent, but I will continue to believe that the only reason they are doing so is because of the rioting and looting. You don’t see the police cracking down on protests in cities where there are no riots and looting. As I said before, the looters and rioters are ruining the cause for everyone, not just themselves. Believe me, I’ve seen the acab in thousands of comments. Equal opportunity violence: "We'll fuck with our own race in the process; why should they be successful." But can the residents of Michigan now buy seed at the nursery or is planting still a threat? Thanks. Now I have a list of people’s movies and music I can avoid now. I mean not that any of the actors/musicians have done anything worthwhile in a long time or...ever. yo i got a gun and id shoot them im not against castle law i just wont be happy if i have to use it i dont want to kill anyone

besides if i did shoot someone as a white dude it would probably just make everything worse over all (not for me id be alive)

like just maybe if cops wernt so callous about killing then people would trust them more and this wouldn't be such a cluster fuck Saw a news clip this morning of last night's protests and the thugs doing the other things. Young Caucasian girl holding her sign that said "Black Lives Matter. De-fund the police." Just wondering about Chicago and their record homicide rates annually due to black-on-black murders on the South Side. Who would you de-fund there? i get that you dont want violence but it really is what theyre asking for by breaking into someones house. it could go two ways honestly. the sheriff could prevent some loots by saying that, or the aggresive looters will still go in and know what they got in store for them.. and see if theyre still stupid enough to try and loot peoples houses. im really curious of what you would do if someone or a group broke into your house and started looting it while you were home.. cant just pat them on the back man It’s a clip from InfoWars. *sighs* They are not credible. cool castle law exists the so if they break in use it we don't need our law enforcement encouraging violence needlessly there was no call for peace it came off like if these fuckers get in ur house brain em, shoot em dead and kill them all

and idk i just don't think that's the kind of rhetoric that's gonna bring an end to all this craziness

those cops could literally do the exact same preventative stuff but at least try to not sound so excited at the prospect of castle law getting used en masse 

these are our neighbors we shouldn't want any more bodies we've already got plenty Hasn't this been conclusively proven to have been done by Infowars people? > I try to agree with you and you decide to shit on me.

No, I did not shit on you, I criticized your argument and added more information to the situation. I have nothing against you, I have something against the police using excessive force and therefore can't just act happy when their actions are justified.

> Tbh, every clip I see of “peaceful” protestors and journalists, they don’t seem to be following orders. They’re constantly being told to “get back” or “get inside”. Then, after being told multiple times, they finally get shoved or shot.

And sometimes those orders have nothing to back them up, they are just something the police say to try to justify their future violence when they give orders that are not actually correct. We've seen journalists been shot multiple times, pepper sprayed, arrested etc, even though they are exempt from the curfews. Lack of competence within the police force is not something that justifies the police using violence.

>  I don’t think I’ve seen a single video of police actually just randomly shooting people.

Okay, that you haven't watched the posts on reddit is not a valid argument against their existence though.

> There are rotten apples in every bunch, but when you start distorting the truth to fit the ACAB narrative, you lose any credibility you had.

I am in no way distorting the truth, I'm posting videos of police being violent. I do not think ACAB, but that does not mean that I can't criticize those who are. You are the one losing credibility when you disregard all the video evidence just because it does not fit your opinion. 

To me it seems like you had an opinion before this started, and you won't let that opinion be changed, as you don't want to admit the faults of the police (not ALL police, just a lot of them). That's different from me who's always thought the BLM movement has been over the top but changed my mind once enough evidence was provided to validate its necessity. Antifa isn’t an organized group ... as much as a set of beliefs and a mission. To blame antifa is to blame a set of beliefs and missions. Because lets say a minority of 1% in a city with millions is still a lot of people that can cause a lot of damage?  


As for posts being pro looters, I've not gotten that impression, its pro protestors last I checked, but I most certainly cannot look at every subreddit so I wouldn't be surprised if it was somewhere, there most certainly are people that are pro looters. Look. i only said that cause it seems you think their not doing anything wrong. theyre clearly criminals. we cant have people breaking in and stealing everyones shit, and the only thing thats stopping them is castle law.. theyre not my fellow americans in my eyes if they break in houses and steal/loot businesses. sorry You are right, random accounts randomly urging violent for one or the other political agenda is easily found if looked for.

&#x200B;

But you need to consider all the ones that do not do that, and there are significantly more of those, again on both sides of the argument.

&#x200B;

On online platforms with millions upon millions of users, it is the posts that stand out that get attention, but all those that do not stand out, are the vital ones to count.

But it is difficult to objectively remember that when you notice those that stand out, in a way, it could be interesting to see if reddit posted the amount of unique participates/commenters on a post, this would make it easier to maybe grasp the scope.

Because I have definitely seen threads that incite violence, with upvotes, but barely any participation, and upvotes alone are not really the be all end all indicator, because it doesn't give much context of why people upvote something. It doesnt really matter if ur protesting police brutality and there a dude killed by the cops laying dead in the street the fine details kinda get lost people are mad and not acting rationally so itd be rediculous to not expect an escalation its unfortunate but going to happen

I'm not saying its justified but i can understand where they are coming from That is not what BLM says they are protesting.  

Race should not be an issue in this case at all.

Way too many liberals controlling this sub. Lol, I try to agree with you and you decide to shit on me. That’s classy. Your first clip shows people sitting on a highway. Obviously the police don’t want people sitting on the road while people are trying to get home. Tbh, every clip I see of “peaceful” protestors and journalists, they don’t seem to be following orders. They’re constantly being told to “get back” or “get inside”. Then, after being told multiple times, they finally get shoved or shot. I don’t think I’ve seen a single video of police actually just randomly shooting people. 
There are rotten apples in every bunch, but when you start distorting the truth to fit the ACAB narrative, you lose any credibility you had. u wish my house got looted? this is what im talking about u claim to want peace but have this hard on for violence chill the fuck out bro theres no reason to be talking about killing people who break into your house if some one attacks your family defend yourself but dont be glorifying it on social media its why people hate the right because yall seem excited to use castle law its fucked these are your fellow Americans what happened to love thy neighbor? It's not though. They're protesting police officers (people in positions of authority) treating black people harsher than white people. This includes killing them more often. That's the issue here. I think the scale of OPs graph might be a bit misleading, when looking at the raw data?! I didn’t say the cop was racist, I said he unjustly killed George Floyd, which is true. The police were called bc of a bounced check, and for whatever reason the officer decided a knee to the neck for 9 minutes was what was needed to deescalate the situation. He killed Mr.
Floyd, plain and simple. That is what BLM is protesting. this has nothing to do with this. Sheriff said use guns to protect yourself and your belongings against looters and people breaking into your house. i hope youre not defending them, cause if so i hope your house gets looted. APAB? Surely not! No, they’re perfectly consistent.

They support anything that helps the Chinese communist party. They are protesting black peoples being allegedly being unjustly killed by police officers because of racism.

No data backs this up and there is almost never proof of racism. 

The only way you can come to this conclusion with the data that is out there is to assume that every white person and every white police officer is racist. 

That is racist in itself.    The is 0 proof that this guy was killed because he was black.  None.   I will wait for you to present some.

BLM is not protesting anything.   They are paid to cause turmoil to hurt the U.S. and get Democrats elected.  Period. And you literally sit here all day every day and post dumb shit. Couldn’t help but notice her PC is a bit.. large > All it takes is one agitator in a crowd of thousands to start the mace spray and tear gas.

The problem is that this agitator often is the police.

These people are not being violent, the police still uses pepper spray on them https://twitter.com/d0wnrrrrr/status/1267841238381858816?s=20

Here they arrest their own senator https://twitter.com/ThatYumiMa/status/1267492836192268291?s=20 due to their extreme lack of competense. He was not violent, he was just black.

Here, calm people, on their own property, doing nothing to agitate, police still use violence against them https://cdn-b-east.streamable.com/video/mp4/u2jzoo.mp4?token=CVqMklChw_30ZfLjzEMMVg&expires=1591134900 

Police doing the looting and destruction of peaceful protesters resources
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gtpc0l/cops_sneak_up_to_confiscate_destroy_water_and/


cop shooting something at people watching from apartment:
https://mobile.twitter.com/Sarah_Mojarad/status/1266633046591078400?s=09

Police shooting directly at peaceful journalists
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gt69qe/police_start_shooting_press_with_some_kinda/

Pepperspraying calm photographer https://i.redd.it/4ix8f3j6dy151.jpg


police doing a drive-by pepper spraying
https://mobile.twitter.com/JordanUhl/status/1266193926316228609

guy with hands in the air gets his mask ripped off and pepper sprayed:
https://v.redd.it/wlx0gyoe21251

lady who was coming home with groceries who got a rubber bullet to the head:
https://i.redd.it/ns0uj557x0251.jpg
https://mobile.twitter.com/KevinRKrause/status/1266898396339675137

reporter blinded by rubber bullets fired by police:
https://mobile.twitter.com/KillerMartinis/status/1266618525600399361?s=19

A couple of young black people in a car, posing no threat, without any violence close by. Police still destroy they car, pepper spray and taze them.
https://mobile.twitter.com/GAFollowers/status/1266919104574865410?s=19

Police clearly using excessive force against a tiny girl
https://mobile.twitter.com/whitney_hu/status/1266540710188195843?s=20

cops pepper spraying a group of protestors without provocation https://v.redd.it/0dxnkso0a1251

Police pepper spraying calm people completely without any provocation to do so
https://v.redd.it/1okeo9obn5251

So with all due respect, your statement 
> the reason why the police are throwing tear gas and shooting people with rubber bullets is because of looters

Is complete and utter bullshit. They do this shit because they enjoy it, they do it without any immediate threat, they do it without any looters or rioters nearby. There was a headline from the onion or something I saw years and years ago when Obamacare was first rolled out that read "Republicans to people with pre existing conditions: die faster" or something like that. Thanks for proving that it wasn't satire. Literally makes no sense.

Protesters do not necessarily form coherent group. There is no "protest leader" that can stop bad people from joining in the protest, there is no such leader that can reprimand or at least denounce the "bad" who associate with them. (I will add, if there is a head of such a movement, then yes, anybody who still willingly associate with such a movement is bad.)

Police do form groups, and there are indeed leaders that decided to hire or not bad people from joining. Those leaders can too reprimand and denounce the "bad" who associate with them. In fact, they can fire them. Therefore, a few bad cops not being fired necessarily does mean the group is bad. It has been going there since they start robing Baltimore! Yes, they will. You're right. Good response by the sheriff. Seriously if this was the actual response by the entire law enforcement community in unison, I don't think there'd be that many protests. Evolution of a conservative (as per media): Info Wars -> Alt Right -> White Supremacist While I agree that the looters are in the minority, the reason why the police are throwing tear gas and shooting people with rubber bullets is because of them. It’s unfortunate that these assholes are ruining it for everyone. All it takes is one agitator in a crowd of thousands to start the mace spray and tear gas.

I think everyone can agree that these protestors are justified, but the looters and rioters are tarnishing the reputation of the whole group and not just themselves. I want to preface this by saying I'm Australian. I've been seeing a lot of news about this on Reddit for a while but tonight's the night I've really dug around the r/'s looking into it, and for curiosity's sake I decided to skim though, Liberal, libertarian, ect...

Rioting is bad, and I really feel sorry for the individual people and small businesses hurt. But neither can I ignore that escalation was inevitable, and sometimes necessary.

These aren't the first riots or protests you've had about this same problem. You've had heaps. There are legitimate issues that need fixing.

This pressure cookers been building up for years with little action. America should have worked hard to correct course, but it didn't and now here we are. I hope you remember saying this when you're on your death bed and wish there was something you could do. Thankfully, I can tell you will most likely die alone with no one around for your prehistoric ideologies to hurt. no one is advocating for keeping everyone alive forever.  Typical response from someone who can't defend their own argument.  Invent a spurious point of contention you can easily hold the high ground on.  I salute you. I found data for 2018 if you would like to take a look


https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2018/crime-in-the-u.s.-2018/topic-pages/tables/expanded-homicide-data-table-6.xls Anyone can choose to be a cop. Anyone can choose to stop being a cop because they see the violence that other cops do.

No one can change the color of their skin.

One is judging people on their actions. The other is judging them by something they were born with. Well it was a homicide victim, they typically leave their bodies because so much has to happen. And there was no damn way the coroner was going out to pick his body up. (Source: GF’s mom is a mortician working for the coroners office in Louisville) It is a shame he died but we don’t know the full story. People happen to die. You can't keep everyone alive forever. ANTIFA AKA the Democrats Black Shirts, Obama's Communists Street Organizers. Angela Merkel menace. Info Wars is so 2016. It's "White supremacist/nationalist" now! This is a dishonest response. It's cute that you think it's bad to label other people the same way you want to label people, just because my label uses groupings you don't like. I am a native New Yorker PLEADING with my government. Deblasio, please get the national guard here. How much more do we have to suffer? Good luck spreading your racism.  I hope you grow out of it. The whole point is that no matter the severity of the protest (clearly one is a bigger) they are risking their lives as well as the lives of others by gathering in large crowds. Protesting anything is increasing the chances of a second wave. did this post? That's certainly a hot take /s. It's supposedly a citizen's moral obligation to report crime and follow the law. But blacks and Latinos consistently hide and lie to protect the ones that don't follow the law.

For the same reason that small-waged workers won't jeopardize their jobs, cops won't speak and risk losing their job.

All blacks are bad because they defend the few that are. And it's exactly as true as your ideas about cop. Even with all your videos combined one of the pictures I posted still outnumber those idiots. So your claim that the looters are a majority is just straight up bullshit.

But as I already mentioned, I don't condone the looting, I just manage to understand that criticism against one issue can be valid even if a problem occurs simultaneously to the criticism. https://www.reddit.com/r/2020PoliceBrutality/comments/guyybb/video_shows_cops_unloading_bricks_for_why_exactly/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share um....no?

https://www.reddit.com/r/JoeRogan/comments/guzsgw/list_of_police_brutality_since_protests_riots/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

https://truthout.org/articles/police-attacked-protesters-after-kneeling-for-solidarity-photo-op-activists-say/ So when a poor person gets cancer they can apply to one of these charities and hope they are selected?  That makes these charities appear to be rather like the supposed "death panels" that were so often lamented when the affordable care act was originally coming to fruition. Well these race riots started happening during his presidency and he didn't fix these issues did he.  Honestly I think both political parties had an invested interest in keeping the status quo which is why I'm not holding these riots against the people who are doing them.  That being said trying to loot my house would be a mistake. Yah it’s an analogy but my point is that this is retarded that this happens. So now you can just get beat up because you have an opinion!!? Wtf thought this was America where we have freedom of speech. Thank God most of the people protesting are against freedom of speech Their auntie is ashamed of them. You don't deal with violent rioters by giving them pretty roses. Hostile force can only be stopped by equal force.

Also,

https://youtu.be/F96DA41XgOI

 https://youtu.be/gBU_OYGgZXM

 https://youtu.be/CFmnMe-13gQ

https://youtu.be/1TRgucHzU0o

https://youtu.be/niNPsxbi9r4

https://youtu.be/TtMwmzIh4BI 🤦🏻‍♂️ I'm a member of the "Don't Trend on Me" crowd.  I think putting your safety and security into the hands of someone else who has no inherit interest in risking their life to defend you is a mistake.  If you can defend yourself, you should.  Also, why do I need to call on some overweight donut dunker when I can fight and shoot better than a lot of them anyway. I think we all know who is supporting the current civil rights movement and who is trying to suppress it It doesn’t. A good many of the protesters are very angry at the rioters. They aren’t one in the same. I personally am trying to think of who all benefits from these protests being shown in the media as violent riots vs peaceful protests to try to understand more. They are all making these tweets from the safety of their gated communities protected by private security.  Meanwhile regular folk are just left to deal with the looters themselves.

They are such absolute hypocrites. probably because they left a black man dead in the street outside his business for 12 hours Hopefully he gets what’s coming to him. Getting insulted and getting the shit beat out of you are pretty different. That is more honest than "muh both sides" What have you personally done for homeless people Ace ? why is this so hard for u to believe that a few shitty people can buy maga hats and be assholes? are u that deep into ur identity politics?

so fuckin dumb how the fuck can u justify that pure 100% speculation u put up there saying its just not possible maga people bad cuz orange man good??

also ur story about Rochester has nothing to do with anything and doesnt prove or deny shit except that some person in a completley different city got attacked There's truth to those stories.  Unlike many in the left though I'm not going to deny the faults or ignore the misguided actions of the bad actors on my side.  However if the left refuses to acknowledge the faults of there own side in the same way or tries to engage in whataboutism then finding common ground is not going to be possible. Antifa, as a group, does not care about  improving society, homeless people, a dead black man, or you. They want to push far left ideology and social upheaval and collateral losses are the means to push their agenda. I completely agree on the free market approach and it’s refreshing to see others believe the same way but you must also concede then that as a company they shouldn’t be able to hide behind government protections while restricting speech and content as a “private” business while stating they are an open platform as they do here on their own help page.


https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/tweet-visibility [Found it](https://youtu.be/-Wz69m4hKsw). Australian media. Go figure. Perhaps you don't realize that your health is related the health of your neighbors and those in your community.  If people do not have access to healthcare they are much more likely to spread diseases that could have otherwise been treated.  This whole pandemic should be a wake up call that your neighbors health matters.  You'd let your neighbor die from a lack of healthcare but at the same time be appalled if the fire dept refused to show up and rescue them from a burning house? Let's get an estimate for the last full year.. 2013 seems a bit too distant for any real stats not paint balls but paint cartrages (i think that's what they are called) they hurt more and are for military drills Well I was always taught that words should never hurt. So I'm kind of numb to that And I know retard is an "ableist" word. I was calling you that because I thought you were. Turns out I am Alright, well lemme just educate ya, young one. Words can hurt and at least two of those words you used are based on hate toward asians and people with mental disabilities. So try not use those words! Also, sorry for resorting to name calling. I'm just stressed af Old man? I'm 15. And I was trying to start something were everyone would type something that rhymes with blink. I didn't even know chink is a slur It's true. Some overconfident asshole is going to open their door thinking they're taking a gun to a brick fight and the looter will end up having hardware too. 

Defend wisely. 'Chink' is a racial slur you dolt. 'Retard' is also an ableist word. Get with the times, old man. Hi there. I’m a leftist and I like to check out subreddits and news sources from the right to see how things are discussed. It’s useful for examining my own biases (I’d encourage you to do the same).

Anyway, wanted to thank y’all for an interesting discussion. Nice to see people finding their common humanity across the aisle. This felt constructive and was nice to see some calmer chatting. They are purposefully deceptive. Sometimes they carry flags, sometimes they don't. There also seem to be different pockets of anarchist groups that are not technically part of Antifa.

They do have an emblem that they sometimes wear. But their tactics sometimes dictate that they try to pass themselves off as regular protesters. They are cowards. thank god i finnally see this.  On most right subs everyone is just frothing at the mouth at the idea of finally being able to use their guns or fight the dems but that's just going to make sure when these riots happen again they will be worse than ever as the riots have been getting worse and worse and nothing continues to change for the black community

Edit: if both sides don't come together its not going to work if the right tries to break these protesters in the streets with the police then were gonna be like hong kong with months of non stop rioting and absolutely no one wants this They are protesting black peoples being unjustly killed by police officers you're right. deleting. This is great and I love this young man. We need to be really really clear about this.

* George Floyd shouldn't have died like that
* Derek Chauvin needs to be tried
* We know there are good, positive protesters
* We know there are Antifia instigators
* Some protesters willing joined into the rioting
* Everyone understand the anger but do not agree with BLM's messaging or tactics
* We will always support people's right to peacefully protest even if we don't agree with the content.
* We don't disagree with BLM because we don't believe in equality, we tend to disagree on some perspective and the ways to address changes that should be made.
* Cops are generally great people and we need to understand their jobs are difficult.
* Rioting is wrong.
* Rioting is not dissent. if ur cheering this on then ur just escalating the violence if u think violently shutting this down is going to work then u need to open a book these riots happen every few years cuz more black kids are killed and the laws never change.

if u dont believe the cops can murder u with impunity look up waco and see how none of those cops faced time for killing 80+ people with 20+ children.  In fact the head agent is now a chief of police.

no sane person here wants a civil war so lets stop getting so excited about the idea of being able to kill americans Hey where do you live? I’d like to come burn down your house and see how you feel about it! Although you probably haven’t worked a day in your life and live off the government! You probably don’t own shit! please approve this because i want to start a real discussion This is like wearing a cross necklace when going to a rally and everyone starts insulting you. I'm the best, and you're the worst. Period. What are they doing? get out the national guard with some tear gas and sort the rabble out once the mob is in control awful things happen They're just Fa. The anti is a lie. The dude is banned, don't stoop to their level. The cop is facing charges. Everyone agrees the cop should be prosecuted. if this is true thats sad. but what about the people that they murdered in D.C after they shut down surveillance ? i guarantee you it was more than five Got a source fella. Might be useful. its not antifa its white supremacists theres video proof Not really. Prejudice and generalizations like that where there before protests or riots and they’ll be there after. If you believe that black people are bad because of this you thought that before too. Hopefully the murderer of Floyd gets justice and the murderer of these cops get the same punishment. The system needs reform or protests and riots will become the status quo. I figured that'd happen. Austin is overall great people, they don't tolerate that shit. Been to Austin twice, other than some of the freeway infrastructure it's pretty great Why? Um, white self entitled supremacists who are desperate to hold on to their fading political power are the Nazis. Look at your tattoos, in the mirror if you like. I don't think they are blaming Republicans per se. I think they are blaming the system as a whole. It surely doesn't help that conservatives by and large dismiss their protests by and large. That and the whole "blue lives matter" counter-protest which conservative pundits took up. u/Rabid-Ami  Okay, and what is your point?

Has the government found and prosecuted anyone that is directly tied to antifa? How do they decide if someone is a part of antifa? When will you understand that the market can provide private charities? And that healthcare is so expensive because of government overregulation? Yea! Fuck proof! They exist cause you say so! Totally with ya dude Yeah you're right. A poor person getting cancer totally had it coming, all their fault and they should suffer for their decision to get cancer while too poor to afford insurance. Land of the free. Judging by the extreme resistance to wearing masks we already saw when there weren’t riots going on, I doubt this will happen. People still think masks are only to protect themselves. Just because you couldn’t find them, doesn’t mean they don’t exist. He isn't wrong, though.

Liberal Republicans and liberal Democrats in northern states generally supported the Civil Rights Act of 1964 whereas conservative Democrats and conservative Republicans in southern states generally opposed the Civil Rights movement.

You have to take into account both regional differences and party affiliation. In the mid-20th century, the south was a hotbed for racial animus and the thick fog of anti-blackness still lingered there.

It's really important to not hyper-focus on simple, over-generalized labels like "Democrat" or "Republican." Party affiliation, especially over time, is dynamic, and it's essential to take into account the individual political beliefs each party's members. A good example of this is: Bernie Sanders is a progressive, social Democrat who ran as a *Democrat*, whereas someone like Jesse Helms, a former Democrat turned Republican, ran a platform that opposed liberalism. Both politicians, *at one point in time,* ran as Democrats, but they both held widely different political beliefs.

Why do you think Strom Thurmond left the Democratic Party? And why did Republican senator Barry Goldwater vote against the Civil Rights Act? Why are most red states in the southern U.S.? And why do these same southern states consistently vote red? This was great to read. I think this is an important perspective and it is good to take other people’s perspective and challenge your own thinking. Quick explanation: This girl is a semi-popular feminist on TikTok. The first video is about generalizing men and saying that they are all to be feared by women and they are abusive. The second one is talking about other “popular generalizations” and the one circled in red completely contradicts the first video. This is an interesting thought. It is a good exercise to think of who all could benefit from the media covering the riots instead. Have to think about it from all sides though. This will only be dependent on testing though, which can be manipulated. We have no access to unbiased data. No one putting words in your mouth. Quit being an offended snowflake. 

I wasnt able to pick out anyone in the protestor crowds or riots that are tied to antifa. So basically the government can claim anyone is involved in antifa and can jail them for being a terrorist. You don't see a problem with that? yah, basically. "Orange man bad so we can't possibly be bad"

We used to call them brown shirts but capitalism (which they inexplicably disdain) has made edgy black graphic tees from their local spencer gifts cheap and popular

edit: why do I say this? Why do I compare these violent, destructive protesters to crazed national socialist german lunatics from the 30's and 40's? Because anarcho communists are rarely ever furthering the cause stated by the anarcho communists. They are generally people who are simply useful to cause destruction and chaos and create a power vacuum so horrible horrible people can seize power because they don't have a position! They don't want a society! They just want to be mad and loot and cause pain. The bolsheviks did it too. If anything.. I'm sad at our public education system that people can't see this https://i.redd.it/42cfx2axsy151.jpg
https://i.redd.it/yr3wfmhdpr151.jpg
https://katu.com/news/local/gallery/protesters-marching-through-portland#photo-2

>There is enough footage to prove looters are the minority. 

FTFY.


Among maaaaaany other pictures and videos showing the same. There is however a scarcity regarding police behaving in a non violent and civilized way.

I do not claim that the looters do not exist, and I sure as hell don't condone what they do. However, that they exist, does in no way affect the validity of what all the peaceful protesters are marching for. If there are riots the store is probably not open. “we call our selfs the anti bad guy squad and label out opponents bad guys. So nothing we do is bad because it says we’re the good guys in our name “. Democrats my ass, these people hate democracy. As a liberal leftist I want just as little to do with these assholes as you do, they’re authoritarian and if they ever manage to topple the “right” they will turn on the liberals. This is the equivalent to the annoying and old child at a restaurant being kicked out. There’s really no way of telling by just looking at them but, security cameras have captured videos of them in black hoods putting bricks and glass bottles on the ground before protests so they can use them once it turns violent. Read the comments, these retards are trying to say infowars , or boogie man white supremacists’ destroyed the homeless guys stuff. Please don’t put words in my mouth or lump me in. You don’t know me. 

You “join” ANTIFA by organizing together at a protest. They organize by wearing the same clothes (a uniform if you will). They all have the same agenda. They incite violence on Twitter. An organization doesn’t need a leader, just some like-minded individuals. 

ANTIFA has been labeled a terrorist organization. Deal with it. And how is antifa organized? Like I asked. How do i join them and who are the leaders? Right now it just seems that anyone disagreeing with the conervative/republican view is part of antifa.

Protestors arent organized by antifa, they are protesters. lol why are you getting downvoted are people mad that looters are armed But he’s so cute! He’s America’s Justin Trudeau. 
😒 Organization:

“an organized body of people with a particular purpose, especially a business, society, association, etc.” Maybe just entertain the possibility?  The homeless guy was screaming at the camera guy too How do I join Antifa? What websites do they use, where are they organizing? Who is the leader? How is it that using excessive police force is a leftist issue? Every issue our society faces does not need to be defined as left or right. We have been brainwashed into thinking this way. There ways of morality and decency , critical thinking that people need to start using again. Stand your ground!! Into Pelosi’s husbands pockets? Nobody is "trying to give protesters the bad name". Quite the scapegoating.

There is enough footage to prove the looters aren't the minority. What about corporate welfare, too big to fail, that’s not capitalism. That’s what China does. The left is just as screwed up as the right. Money and greed is the party that is always in power. Welcome to the Divided States of America. Vote out 90 percent of these assholes and let’s start over before we become the great failed experiment, time is running out! This! \^\^\^\^ Thank you! I can hear em now. 

"oH sUdDeNlY ***nOw*** RePuBlIcAnS cArE aBoUt ThE hOmElEsS" You mean like everything has been Obamas fault during Trumps whole presidency? AnTiFa IsN’t An OrGaNiZaTiOn!!!!!!!!!1! Which is irrelevant.  When someone kills someone while doing something illegal, it doesn't matter what the condition of the victim was. It's the eggshell skull rule. Fragility of the victim is no defense of abuse. Maybe it was the same people as those who saw police ruining property only to give protesters a bad name?https://old.reddit.com/r/ThatsInsane/comments/gv2ogk/news_chopper_pans_out_as_riverside_county_sheriff/ That happened! You're wrong Kinda like blaming Antifa? Simple, don't go to a store with protesters in front of it. Seems like common sense too me. Because I don’t want to pay for other people’s poor health decisions. And if you’re only argument is “but emergencies happen!!” That’s why we have emergencies rooms and insurance. All of the rioting sucks, especially for African Americans. When this is all over people will forget about Floyd and the protests, people will only remember the looting and violence. So sad to see an entire community be branded by a handful of poor examples. I’m not so sure about this. I’ve been seeing posts all day that say “if there is one bad cop and he isn’t condemned by the whole force then the whole force is racist” which is absurd. Oklahoma had a major rally on Sunday, and no cops showed up.  It was peaceful.  Then, in the evening, the police showed up in all their gear, wanna guess how long it took to escalate?

It's amazing what happens when you introduce a gang element to a peaceful protest. Of course, protesters aren't armed by the state and given qualified immunity for their actions, as well as being protected by a corrupt union. The same people who said most looters are white and white supremacists are behind this? The leaders of antifa want their members to fit in with the protestors.  They have been infiltrated before, on camera.  Often times, it's a skinny white kid in all black, really looks like the Columbine shooters outfit tbh. Info wars isn't even a group.

 Political neutrality is good for false virtue signaling and little else. More than antifa? Where is the bar set because antifa isn't really an organization.. if it is then who are the members?  


Democrats have done more than republicans to help the homeless.. Churches get rich and don't pay taxes. Republicans bailed out the rich. Tell me im wrong. You identify them by their tactics. Unless you believe every lefty is willing to commit crimes like this. There are always assholes in every group that don't actually know or care about what they're doing. Most often they end up being the loudest members of a group. I don't know who these people are, but they are despicable assholes. I'd be careful that we don't throw everyone protest in the same group though Retard This /r constantly posts escalating, misleading shit like this. Just pouring gas on the fire. Sound familiar? Church groups and right wing institutions have always helped the homeless more than antifa.

Wake the fuck up. 

Cant wait for you lot to be designated terrorists officially. the guy throwing the mattress is wearing an Info Wars hat Rofl... more antifa lies. Man the way some of you spew hate and view the world is just wow.  Were all brothers and sisters in this world and you act as if you hate before you even try to love and understand.  I feel sorry for your families and your children, you probably direct hatred at them without even knowing you're doing it, empathy is a powerful tool.  Criminals are just that, why bring yourself down to their level emotionally and spew hatred, simply saying that's wrong is not enough you have to classify and profile the wrong doing to excuse your hatred, very sad. The people who watched this happen said that it was an Infowars group that coordinated the attack to make antifa look bad Just like "gun control". Law abiding citizens required to abide by it, but criminals could care less about any law. Covid Cuomo used his connections to the CCP corona to kill old people like a collectivist champion. Mainstream media loved him. The news loved him because Cuomo kept taking their celebrity 'expert's' stupid advice no matter how many bodies piled up.

Democrats across the country looked at killer Cuomo's. They witnessed New York's magical ability to turn Covid-19 corpses into cold hard federally funded cash. They were so envious they eventually decided to call off the phony Panda Pandemic panic and exchange lockdown for a national riot shitshow to demonstrate to the nation just how far determined Democrat voters and politicians will go to burn and ruin people if it will punish America. That's a very dangerous road. Especially since they're a terrorist organization now.  If there's no clear label for them what's to stop officers from arresting anyone for anything under the guise they are antifa and now they have no right to a jury because they're labeled a terrorist.  Were losing our rights faster and faster everyday Yeah, but on the other hand, there's also this, so you can really never know: [https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/gv8hgn/they\_want\_their\_civil\_war\_farright\_boogaloo/](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/gv8hgn/they_want_their_civil_war_farright_boogaloo/) This has nothing to do with racism Could you image if firearms had been outlawed? Probably crying for his mommy, when separated from his fellow goons in the station and surrounded by interrogating cops. Now you care about homeless people? scroll the subreddit and read comments they aren't as rare as you might think, they are very frequent actually

non violent people are the minority I mean it’s happened a few times already, people not even involved in the protests being hit with rubber bullets or those tiny ball things. 

This happened to a friend of mine as well...went in for cigarette and came back with a black and blue on his thigh lol You're retarded because I didn't say that the cop didn't play a role in his death. If you’re going to the store to buy food tell me exactly how anybody would correlate that to looting or rioting But like what if I’m just going to the store for food and plan on paying? Makes me feel like I’m going to walk out after checking out only to get hit in the bean-bag with a rubber bullet lol black mask. Black hoodie. Usually a scrawny little shit who might be carrying a pipe or a brick or something like that and acts very shady running through crowds and instigates violence against people who aren't looking (sneak up behind and crack 'em on the head)

They have [a flag](https://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/imagecache/mbdxxlarge/mritems/Images/2020/6/2/e58c3b83f5fd4b92bc3fa12a4406da6e_18.jpg) but really it's the violent elements around them you need to watch out for. I'm not scared of them for me. But you know, I care about my family and friends and goodhearted people in general and I'd hate to see them get hurt by one of these assholes in some act of senseless violence. Hes a simple answer because its not.  We have a hybrid system in virtual all countries.  The fire department is socialist, the police and the roads. Why not health care too.  No ones seriously asking for all private industry to be run by the state. I find it hilarious that the police brutality in all these Democratic run cities are somehow Republicans fault. There is a subreddit with about 50 thousand members that I won't name but they have how-tos posts on how to infiltrate protests and turn them violent.  The entire point of Antifa is to start trouble and then fade away into the crowd. Right? I had this same question! 

How exactly do we know who is Antifa and who is not? Aside from people randomly saying “I’m Antifa”, It’s not like their out there waving a flag or wearing matching t-shirts. I notice a lot are saying the looters are members of Antifa, but in all crises there’s almost always looters. That’s like saying everyone that looted during Hurricane Katrina were Antifa.

I understand looting and rioting and beating the shit out of people is bad and justice for that should be served. But if Trump is basically telling the police and military personal to spray and pray because of Antifa, how do we know we’re not stripping regular pissed Americans (peaceful protestors) from A1? Unless we are saying that there are no “peaceful protestors”...but Trump also said there were in his speech tonight....I’m so confused. that's awesome. Glad people helped him out They are literally retarded. Many of them living at home play video games all day and watch porn. That is their life. It’s hard to get your mind wrapped around that, isn’t it? But yes that is their life. Nazifa won’t wake up. Find them, try them, then put them in genpop for a few years. If any resist arrest, then deal with it using deadly force. i agree with you, i’m just trying to point out that we shouldn’t over simplify things what? i’m not denying anything? i’m just saying the situation shouldn’t be oversimplified 
Interesting seeing Democrats burning down a Democrat city that is run by a Democrat mayor with a Democrat police chief of color The problem is with the way cops "play defense". We have seen time and time again that cops can and will escalate the smallest of issues into extreme violence. No, this doesnt happen all the time, but when it does there are rarely any real repercussions.

They do not have the right to assault citizens in the way that they often do without just cause. And they certainly do not have the right to take a life, unless their own life is threatened. Oh they are. All of them. I wish leaders could de escalate this whole bs. Liberal democrats are nothing but hypocrites if you haven’t figured that out yet. > You have absolutely no evidence that this is a minority.

Look at the MANY videos documenting these events, its largely passive groups. Residents ain’t the only ones with guns :) Amazing. Every word of what you just said was wrong Easy: Anyone who is doing anything despicable we label as antifa. Evidence that antifa is despicable, see. Circular logic is the best logic. What the heck. They were talking about how police shouldn’t ram the crowd of protesters. Now they do the same!!! I mean, you're not wrong. Who they are depends on who you ask. At this point if you’re looting / rioting you’re ANTIFA. Gotta get rid of Republican voters any way he can. Pretty soon it will be illegal to be live in rural New York(the more Republican part of the state). We need a British-style surveillance for our cities. Then we need to do what they did, and ban anyone caught on camera rioting from public aid.

I guarantee these people won't so much as light a match on fire if they knew it would cost them their food stamps. If you're a conservative, then they're ANTIFA. If you're liberal, then they're Info Wars. Hope that sorts out any confusion. half if not more Well, it’s been said that the law enforcement that antifa fears the most is “dad” On a positive note, his possessions have been replaced and he seems to be in good spirits: https://www.reddit.com/r/Austin/comments/gv3r5j/it_was_too_good_not_to_post_here_the_homeless_guy/ If these people are some tiny minority, how are they flooding the streets of several major cities?

And why is every single post on the main page pro-looter? But yet they claim Antifa doesn’t exist and is only a philosophy. 

So which one is it today? > both sides largely dont want violence

Then why do the liberals, the politicians and corporate America keep egging on the looters? You have absolutely no evidence that this is a minority. You just want it to be true. Over on the r/news  sub where they have a mega thread each night, there is a person who has been cutting/pasting the same instructions and one of them is on the damage bricks can do to police vehicles and guidance on stockpiling them at your protests. > I don't think the looters represent liberals

Then why are all of the liberals and their corporate bosses standing behind them? The only reason to, at this point, make these messages is to say to conservatives, 'We don't give a shit how much it pisses you off, and we don't care how much the looters murder and burn, we hate you and would rather stand with the looters than with law-abiding people'. Yes, and as soon as there is a trespasser on their property, their house is robbed, or their naked pictures are stolen from their phones, then who do they call? what the fuck is wrong with people? Politicians should de-escalate, no matter their party, right? How is doing absolutely nothing 'doing what's right'? And the admins will do absolutely nothing about it. At all. Liberals think rules are only for other people. eh, i don't know about that. We did this before and it backfired that's horrible. I hope leaders can calm ppl down I'm just blocking everyone who defends these assholes or blames the kid.

Do we have rights or not? What good are rights if the police won't defend them? Why aren't these people locked in prison and not let out for a decade or two? this is politically motivated violence, and that should come with a massive penalty regardless of what the basic offense is. GOP pukes fantasizing about murder. Par for the course. It’s insanity. Governor Whitmer opens up the entire State of Michigan, not following her previous decision to regionalize openings, during a time of mass uprising in the state so people can go out and protest. This woman is not fit to lead. Not much use having rights if we're not really allowed to use them, is there?

This victim blaming needs to stop. Liberals have, at this point, attacked hundreds of people, often seriously, for wearing a hat they don't like. That has to end. That is terrorism. he probably plays play station They’ve been looking for a way to get him off the couch & out of the basement Who knows if these are Antifa. They're certainly assholes, though.

Who the fuck burns a homeless person's only possessions? Assholes. Has the excuse used in local inner city black schools (not inner city hispanic schools) been:
 "It's just their culture" ? I think you’re either missing the point or completely ignoring it. It’s not about this protest alone, its about the existence of both Antifa and White supremacists groups even existing along our political lines....that is the problem. 

I and a good majority of people in this sub are Republicans....not White-supremacists, so go fact check that. 

Also I didn’t once claim “there were on the same side”, if they are even both involved In this protest it would be for a power struggle. 

They can fight all they want at Charlottesville, the less of both of them the better. 

Love how you’re asking someone to fact-check information...why can’t you do it yourself? Shitty parents in the first place, and most likely saving face after he was recognized That's a disappointed dad, right there. At this point, the militia movement needs to make a real comeback. We cannot rely on the police or the military or the government to protect us anymore. Good 2020, four more years, let’s do this. Sadly, with all the traffic cams, atm cameras, and other forms of big brother watching over the large cities, not one has been able to observe a pallet of bricks being offloaded.

But yet, you'll get a ticket in the mail if you roll a right hand turn at an empty intersection. Nice way to strut around in your legend in your own mind stupidity. You didn’t do squat, we already knew that cop ultimately killed George Floyd. How do you identify Antifa? Do they carry any emblem or marker?  Or any declaration? 

Sorry if it is a dumb question. Little out of the loop on this. Exactly. First, why are you assuming my intentions? How about ask what I mean before you accuse me of denying parallels.

Yes there are parallels, but there are also parallels between the American left in how they demonize and act like there is an internal enemy in the US known as white supremacists despite the fact that white supremacists are exceedingly small and have pretty much no real power anymore. The nazis spread this idea that Jews had a secret society ruining Germany and used them as a scapegoat. The modern American left uses Neo-nazis in much the same way and tries to tie them to the American right to make enemies of all of us. So the left is using Nazi tactics, that's a parallel, too. Your parallel is just that nationalism exists.

You can be a fascist nationalist, you can be a communist nationalist. Nationalism is merely pride in your country and attempting to work to better it by focusing a bit more on it. Nazis were nationalists, so were communists.

So yes, you can draw parallels, but are those parallels indicative of a problem? Or is it healthy nationalism? Pride in oneself is health, excessive pride is not. Nationalism is healthy, excessive nationalism is not. Nationalism that leads to demonizing actual citizens of the country who have done nothing wrong AND then acting on that it is bad. For example, Nazi's demonized Jews AND they passed laws that shut down Jewish shops and kicked them out of their country. Is the brand of nationalism the right is pushing demonizing any citizens? No, we are pushing for a rule of law, we are celebrating those people who come her lawfully regardless of their race or faith. We are not calling for the deportation of citizens. We are not shutting down businesses of citizens who immigrated here. We are not warning people not to shop at those stores. We are not walking around yelling at legal immigrants or naturalized citizens who immigrated here and telling them to go home. That is what Nazi's did. And IF we see anyone who does anything like any of that, we call them out and tell them to fuck off.

Nationalism is not a bad thing, but it goes bad when nationalism is used to justify awful things. Pride in your country is NEVER bad, using that pride in our country to justify awful things IS bad.

Canada has national pride. Are they Nazis? England has national pride. Are they Nazis? China has national pride, are they Nazis? Yeah, kinda,

A parallel with nationalism means nothing. There is no substance to that comparison. Freedom of expression is only protected for some, of you are not en vogue you are beat and nobody cares. Using posts with so low upvotes, hell even if it had thousands of upvotes, to represent the voice of millions of users is part of the whole issue at hand.

There are people that identify themselves as republicans and/or conservatives that have called for violence and death of democrates, do they represent the the whole? You’re really going to pretend like there’s not legitimate parallels between the American right and European nationalism? The picture above spelled some out pretty well and you didn’t address any of them as far as I can tell It's not a straw man though. I see what you are saying but there is a problem with the discourse and this is kind of representative of a subtle but damaging part of it that I don't think you (or other people who do this) intended. Forgive the length but this is one of those subtle things that require breaking down to understand the mechanics.

We make generalizations frequently in English. We also get very specific in English a lot. I could say, and forgive this but for some reason it was the first thing that came to mind, "Women can be such sluts!". Not that long ago, people would read that and know that I didn't mean ALL women ARE sluts. Nor would they think that I mean "Men cannot be sluts." They would understand that I am expressing some kind of annoyance or frustration with women who chose to sleep around. We used to take the Socratic principle of seeking out the best argument in what a person is saying and then we'd apply it to what people said. It was a great tactic because as you asked me why I might have said "Women can be such sluts!" you might find that I don't at all believe all women are sluts. And in fact you might find that an even more literal reading of what I said was a better way to read it.

"Women can be such sluts!" is literally true, women have the capacity to be incredibly slutty. It's like saying "Human's can be so cruel!" That's true, it doesn't mean the speaker thinks all humans are cruel, merely that humans have the capacity to be cruel. By making such a statement, you might also be implying that you have witnessed some specific acts of human cruelty, or female lasciviousness. So if I were to say something like that, and you assumed my best argument, you'd ask me and you'd find that I was deeply hurt by a woman who cheated on me with several men or something.

So how do we parse out what people mean?

1) We ask them.

2) We look at qualifying words the person chose to use or chose not to use. The user did not say "all protesters" they only said "protesters", so you can safely assume the user was not referring to all protesters. So where is the user qualifying their statement? Because they really are, but we have fallen away from using this simple logic and now we think backwards about our language.

3) The user qualified their statement when they said what the protesters were thinking. Both of the thoughts the user points out qualify exactly who the user is speaking about. In the first part of the meme, which protesters is he talking about if not all of them? The ones who are doing bad things. In the second part of the meme, which protesters is he talking about? The ones who falsely think all cops are bad based on a few bad actions of a small number of cops. So the whole meme tells us exactly who the user is talking about.

From the whole meme, we can safely assume that this user is criticizing afew specific subsets of protesters. 1) Those hypocritical protesters who are saying all cops are racist while condemning those who they think are condemning all of the protesters. 2) Those protesters who are being violent. 3) Those protesters who don't necessarily think all or even most cops are racist, but are still defending these violent protesters.

If you assume the speaker is reasonable, which we always should until the give indication otherwise, then it is obvious that this user is NOT saying all protesters. He is making a general statement, not a specific one.

Now you can certainly say that we should be more careful and be more specific, but what has happened in language is that again, people used to assume the best argument. They wouldn't have assume he meant ALL protesters (though clarification on that would of course be good). Somehow, people grew to expect that all comments such as these would be clarified, which is not an unreasonable expectation. But what also began happening is that people started to then dismiss any argument that fails to clarify EVEN THOUGH we can safely assume exactly who the user was speaking about.

So when you say: 

> Clearly not all protesters think ALL cops are bad, and we've seen clear evidence of that.

You didn't really need to say this because it is reasonable to assume what the user meant.

Which means calling it a straw man isn't even accurate. It is not a straw man it is just not as specific as it could be. It is still true. The sentiment the user expressed is still one that is going around and one that needs to be pushed back on.

Now is it smart to make this statement even though it is not a straw man? Maybe not, we have a lot of people who are hurting, there is a lot of confusion, there are so many moving parts that perhaps being excessively clear is better right now. But it is not a straw man. Interesting, just as we have a new crisis, covid-19 isn't as potent anymore. my common sense is saying that we've all been played: there was a real virus, it was dangerous but there was tremendous government over reach that took advantage of people's fears. Thousands of black people doing a variety of things from looting, vandalism, destruction of property, shouting "kill white people", and the news cycle is focused on white antifa kids or unconfirmed reports of "white supremacists" acting as "agitators". Are black people as a group untouchable right now?? They aren't being forced to do anything, they are rioting out of their own volition. Why aren't we seeing dozens of stories of black people being brought in for the terrible things they are doing? There are MANY videos of packs of strictly black people attacking people. Why is that not being talked about? Thank you Wait, I thought it was white nationalists inciting all the rioting? This is no different than standing on a freeway trying to break into people's cars and  getting mad when they flee and run you over. 

Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Homes are sacred and will be protected. Shouldn’t we be more focused on getting the police to stop murdering people? Then looters won’t get this opportunity in the first place I saw one theory that the bricks are there to tempt protesters into engaging and making themselves look bad Also, the left right paradigm needs to die. This is a sign of that. China is Communist, Nazi's were fascists. According to the European left/right model, China was left, Nazi's were right. The line of contention was largely about identity, thought it was more complicated.

In the US left/right paradigm, the line of contention is not about identity, it is about size and scope of government (the left would argue that it is about justice, but their brand of "justice' requires larger government, we want justice, too, we just don't need a big government to achieve it). Taken to the extreme, the left and right in the European model will lead to horrible dictatorships and tyranny. 

In the US, the extreme left can turn to a horrible dictatorship, it might be fascist, it might be communist. Taking small government to the extreme just leads to a really small government with very little centralized power. You simply cannot get a horrible tyranny when taking the American Right's conservative/libertarian ideals.

So what do you do with the Neo-Nazis here. We say they are right wing extremists. They are. But they are EUROPEAN right wing, they want a government that has a heavy hand, they want racial segregation. The American Right wants none of that. Based on their desire for a stronger government, they easily fit better with the American Left.

This is such a simple concept and yet it was muddied up by the fact that people in different political parties had to sit on different sides of the aisle in their big government meeting rooms.

So when you really boil it down, the only actual reason the left in the US has to deny Nazis fit on their side is the fact that Democrats sit on the left side of the room while in Europe, ideologies that upheld national identity (prior to Nazism ever taking off) sat on the right. So you realize that nazis, or nationalists, is just the extreme version of right wing politics right? Calling leftists nazis is a blatant disregard for history and political ideology. Good home defense is essential to a functioning society. It's easy to hate the man from the safety of one's couch. Protesters and rioters are different. If there was a fire, it'd be by the rioters. Remember when Tim Kaine's son was caught supporting such groups?

These people are such idiots and this shows the weakness of the justice system. When we have lawyers willing to break just laws, then we have some crappy lawyers. The law IS social justice. Yes, some laws used to be racist, but when those laws changed, all we needed to really do was fairly apply that law and that WAS social justice. That logic doesn’t work for police though, because it is the job of the police to uphold the rule of law.  So when a police officer is aware of a crime by a fellow officer and does nothing, they stop being a good police officer.  When they protect people who break the law, many people find that despicable.

And when the system is flawed and the officers perpetuate it, they are all bad, because even if only a few are committing the crimes, the rest of them protect those that do.

That isn’t true for any race, so the analogy is flawed. Message to Gov. Cuomo: YOU CAN ACT LIKE A MAN!! When Leftism oozes out of your brain this is what comes out. This is the state of anarchy in the epicenter in NY. Lockdown still in effect for law abiding citizens & businesses. No lockdown for the criminals in NYC. They have even released prisoners from jails. The President needs to send in the National Guard. Federalize them. What good r curfews if they r not enforced? This is an insurrection! Act, no more dithering. Yea *an Absolutely! 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9817 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8595 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**

**...**

**79773.** `u/siggy1313` at **2 nices**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Nice Lmao it’s Beijing appointed lmao  Now we can put democrat leaders on terrorists list The only piece of media shown to have Antifa was removed. But all others that had bricks but not tying them to anyone were not hmmm... Hope it doesn't drop the soap!! That's right I called the loser an "it" Gott dayum!!!! That made me laugh harder than I should have!! Only a ignorant inbred pig would make such a stupid statement. if MAGA offends please leave the country as you are part of the problem . “I like to do it cause it’s fun, fun to do bad things”

-Latarian Milton A different perspective just to try and help understand others:

That link is just something you found to justify what you want to think. If a white person feels that way, that’s on them... and I agree it’s a bit much, but it’s def not the majority of dems that I know. 

Just sayin, I work with poor people. The majority is black due to systematic racism. I heard just today about a clients son who was killed in the streets. The father said “you play in the streets and that’s what happens.” He is obviously sad, but knew this is where his child would end up and he couldn’t do anything about it. Unfortunately it’s a lifestyle for these people because that’s what they are brought up on while the hardworking people in their life are absent due to working to better themselves/family. They are absent in their children’s life because they work 2-3 jobs to pay the billls. It’s the working poor. They finally get off Public Assistance but then can’t afford food and healthcare along with their rent. Then they get evicted or have a health issue and a whole new slew of problems come along. It’s a revolving door and man, it’s tiring.. and so so sad. 

I don’t know the answer on how to break this cycle, but I can promise you they don’t want to be where they are. It’s pain and death all around them. Drugs help take away the pain and some people fall in to that lifestyle and can never get out. The trauma and things they have seen at a very young age would screw up anyone, rich or poor. They are survivors. 

The world is just sad. I try to have compassion, empathy and understanding. I know if I was born 40 minutes from where I was that I would be a client, not a staff. And my life would be drastically different.

Just try to remember this when you see these people out there. They’re tired. They’re poor. They grew up with few to no role models with death and drugs all around them. And yes, the majority are POC. And yes, I have seen with my eyes cops treat them like shit and call them the derogatory terms. 

It’s a different world than you know. The rioters are white 90% white people and cops who don’t know what they are doing the cops started it not the protesters Marin Luther king said riots are the voice of the unheard The official antifa Twitter account has also been suspended for coordinating violence. This isn’t a double standard racism isn’t being an idiot racism is an active problem while you guys are protesting something that kills people and you want it to basically kill more people while the rioters are protesting their rights and so that they don’t get killed B-but xbox is a human right! /s >Except that protesters are regular citizens who may not have the authority, training, or physical ability to stop violent actors around them. 

But damn, they actually do. 8 o'clock _or whatever the shitty curfew time is they helped cause) they can leave the area and walk home. Rather than "test" the cops about enforcing what the damn law is. People need to obey what the police officer says until otherwise proven differently in a court if law. My cops in my town told people for an hour and a half continuously to go home but the so called bullshitters disguised as protestors decided they didn't need to listen.

Back in the day I learned about doing obeying a cop in the third grade when he came to my classroom. Somewhere along in life most of us learn to obey police officers too.

But if people are out after dark with the rioters, then those people will be seen as rioters too. 

I actually think the cops will run out if hardcore riot/antifa/loot nuts to arrest eventually if *the honest protestors go home before it's dark.* Otherwise they're stupid people that need arresting too who are actually probably providing material support for the rioters. Kinda like the ~~bullshitters~~ "protestors" had this weird "getaway" car system to find rides rather than walking to a parked car like 90% of regular normal citizens do. Uhhh, not quite sure why a liberal needs to use a throw away account to have a gotcha moment for something us conservatives agree on lol. The cops involved in Floyds death need to be prosecuted to the fullest extent. We dont believe in the rioting and ruining of communities. And you're over here thinking we are denying what happened lmao. Whatever helps you sleep at night bud. How do you know that? I would disagree. When you represent a person/idealogy with completely different values, you know you are going to get a reaction. The person who wore the MAGA hat KNEW they were going to get a reaction. Obviously it is not right that they beat him up, but to do that is just trying to get a reaction of some already frustrated people. No, it'll probably get him Corona, anyway can someone explain to me what antifa is? Only half? this is not true Who is Antifa? RaCiSm Is A jOkE, JeEz! There's "deniers" on the left too. At this point it's about law and order. We now know definitively that people are actively committing violence after dark. If you are a protestor who is out after dark, you are aligning yourself with the lawless rioters. 

There will come a point in the near future where the concept of the noble friendly "socialist" gets smashed. Because they're a part of the problem, not a solution. This is exactly the problem. Democrats are so hell-bent on turning everything into racism [they want white people to apologize for being white.](https://youtu.be/w0nc3XAsgHI) So of course they explode when something bad happens with a white against a black. But, they never seem to give a notice when blacks kill each other by the tens every weekend in Chicago.

Rather than worry about fixing healthcare or the enviroment like in the olden days. Im not proposing anything. Im just extremely disappointed that you are putting false hateful information out there, that has no credibility. This is part of the reason this country is in shambles, because people like yourself are very misinformed trapped in a bubble. Denying that racial profiling exist is like denying  global warming exist. Over 90% of psychologist believe there is some form racial injustice in the police system just like how 95% of scientist believe global warming is real. I don’t know how much more evidence you need from people who actually study this for living. Wake up and smell the roses buddy. Most cops are good, most protesters are good. Bad cops are terrible. Rioters are also terrible. We can condemn both. Some of the conservatives in this subreddit are just pure retards gamer here, you're overestimating half of em.

lot of antifas, anarchists, commies, etc. Hahahaha I shared this just to piss you all off and it worked! Have a nice day. Thanks. Good to know he’s in custody. I guess since he’s accompanied by his parents, it stands to reason they made him turn himself in. Glad he’s off the streets but I doubt he can be rehabilitated. Little piece of shit. What are u actually proposing fam? Darnell was let out because of the Chinese virus, but he'll be back https://twitter.com/ChatChristi/status/1267569960169148417?s=20 No mention of the parents in the report. Source? Actually you may be wrong on both counts. I'm only suggesting this in a friendly, non- argumentative, thought experiment way.

The reason being is that the liberal Democrat mayor has gone far out of her way to defend the rioters downtown - to the point of having cops stand down - and every single one of them that hung around Saturday Night were complicit in the violent crimes that took place even if the went home after quite literally being shoved out by police. 

If the so-called "protestors" were concerned about being nonconfrontational and non violent, they'd find a damn way to leave downtown by dark. Which they didn't do tonight and were shoved out of town once again by cops. Bottom line, we have a bunch of bullshit communists who want to test police to see if they can escalate something into violence that the cops will then get blamed for.

You know, I'm damn sorry about George Floyd. But all these other hanger-on crowds like the communists downtown (Google it that's exactly who they are) are trying to bullshit everyone and normal Demicrats are falling hard for it like they did the Russian bs. Wow you really are a lost cause. That article you linked has no credible evidence. It does not even cite the data that was supposedly found by the universities. I find it funny how gullible you are that you believe some flimsy article with tag that states OPINION and cites no credible sources written by some bootlicker. Unlike you im actually going to give credible evidence from a prestigious school and credible organization. 

 https://law.yale.edu/sites/default/files/area/workshop/leo/leo16_fryer.pdf


https://www.apa.org/monitor/2016/12/cover-policing Actually my thoughts are that they get indoctrinated at school somewhere more than the spoiled brat theory. Holy sh*t....... I had no idea about these stats. >What people have to realize is both the far-left and Far-right are throwing us into a us against them loop

You know, this is the very desperate Democrat narrative that white supremacists are somehow mixed into this. Because if Antifa and the alt-right were somehow on the same side, then they would not have fought each other at Charlottesville not that long ago. 

It's just too damn bad that someone can't "fact check" this bit of intellectual suicide like they do the presidential tweets about mail in voting fraud. blacks have a long history of resisting resisting police arrest and interrogation 

https://www.jdnews.com/opinion/20180630/larry-elder-criminal-behavior-not-racism-explains-racial-disparities-in-crime-stats

People need to talk about their ghettos and the amount of children who have no fathers because they don't wanna claim responsibility for the financial conditions of the child and the amount of high rates of criminal activity among the blacks I think everyone including scientists was blindsided by this thing. The more I think about it the more I'm certain if there is any blame it's the WHO first and China a close second. They supposedly had all the tools to get all the scientists on board for an earlier lockdown which would have had the better outcome you/we desired.

As it stands, we need to get everybody on board with masks somehow. The protests will likely put us back on the exponential train. Because you know, protesting commies care about America! This level of cognitive dissonance is something else. Regardless of what the autopsy found, what justice is here is a manslaughter charge. That's what clearly can be seen by the videotape. 

I do think the family is entitled to some monetary compensation, but I don't think the cop should face a murder charge. Any jury in the world is going to see that.

I just feel bad that we as nation will have to be put through wall to wall coverage of the trial. As if that was not a punishment in itself! Protesters are exercising a constitutional right. Rioters are not. Good cops follow the rule of law and protect individuals constitutional and legal rights. Bad cops break the law in their enforcement, and violate individuals constitutional rights, or simply look the other way. What are you even talking about? You do understand math right? The reason more white people are killed by officers is because there are way more white people than black people in this country. You also grossly overlooked the fact that most of the those deaths are not racially motivated unlike the deaths of black people at the hands of cops. Nobody should die because of their skin color, newsflash you have no control over it.I hope you understand that America has had a long history of violent protests which turned out to be successful and for the better. So i don’t know why you have your panties in twist, you need to pick up a history book. This. BLM are "tools" for both antifa who aren't really BLM and Democrats who are determined to find racism anywhere they can because they ran out of other ideas like fixing healthcare, the enviroment, climate change. I don't think he had an Xbox. Gamers generally are a lot smarter than this. How does it guarantee his victory? The country is a complete shit show right now. The riots will hopefully end soon, but it looks like it’s in the brink of civil war. covid is still spreading like crazy (by far the worst country in the world for cases and deaths) and we are going to see a huge spike because of these protests. 40 million people out of work. The stock market seems to have somewhat recovered, but I can’t see how that remains for very long. He’s proven in the past 4 months that he is completely unfit to lead the country when leadership is needed most. It’s one thing to take over a country with a good economy and build upon that, it’s another to run the country during the biggest crisis we’ve seen in decades and bungle it every step of the way. Beat me to it Somehow associating these antifa/anarchist protestors with the alt-right white supremacists has a deep smell of desperation to it. Shapiro gets into this baloney pretty good and if a link becomes available I'll post it.

If they were on the same damn side, then they wouldn't have fought at Charlottesville, right?

My condolences for those on the left that feel the need to commit that kind of intellectual suicide. Should we shoot cops everytime we see a case of injustice then? At that point what are cops good for Given the current circumstances, I’ll wear my Trump hat proudly while flying an American flag. We will take this country back from the depths and fear of the left. Mommy is gonna be the guy named Darnell in the next cell over Television ratings probably because police brutality is SERIOUS and innocent people are being killed because of it. unlike quarantine, which is literally just staying inside. they are protesting for change in the police systems. and when you want change, you need attention. that’s why you riot. how did gays, women, and slaves get rights? they rioted. that’s how it works :) The rioters are assholes. Most of them couldn’t care less about Floyd, they are there to cause trouble and use the protest as a distraction so they can do it. Are you serious? Not one person has blamed the looting on the cops. Also I 100% agree with you that gun ownership is an answer to this nonsense and oppression, but defending your rights and your safety with a gun is...violence. Even if it’s justified, shooting someone is violent. This post overall is an embarrassment. Maybe they should have sent the national guard to deal with the “small” percentage of bad cops before rioting began. I don’t think anyone thinks all cops are bad. Even if it’s a small percentage (1% let’s say), that’s still a hell of a lot of bad cops.

The bigger problem is not the bad cops themselves, but the system that allows these cops to continue working, not face retribution, and the “good” cops protect them. The good cops need to weed the bad ones out of the force. This is great! I despise these Antifa cubts....but did the cops look for any of the black kids too? 

Oh...nope...because blacks are always the victim right? What are these people trying to achieve actually??? 

https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/

More white people are killed by the police also blacks have a history of not cooperating and being violent when they are arrested 

Why are people forgetting the fact that he was a fickkn fraudster who sold a counterfeit note 

The amount of damage these low grade afros coupled with unemployed white youth who have fick all to do now is disgusting, what's the end result they say violence is necessary to bring about change quoting the woman rights movement which imo were largely peaceful what are they trying to achieve 

And they forget the contributions of Martin king and Nelson Mandela who lead a largeful peaceful protest which demanded and articulated something these guys can't articulate anything because of low intellectual capacity Because the rioters’ cause has the liberal seal of approval. Afros have low iq and a low intellectual ability that's why they need to act like barbarians the fact that they can't articulate their thoughts and put forward a structured arguments make it a normal response from them to act like animals 

Just look at Sudan and Somalia both nations have rents in oil but they can't exploit these resources to enrich themselves and their population unlike the gulf counterparts 

Even Japan didn't have any natural resources but they conquer Manchuria in China and defeated Russia in 1904 05 war 

What people don't understand is that the African society is and has been never been united, they can pretend all they want now but ever since the Berlin conference the Africans were divided based on the colonial ambitions of the European nations but not on lines of linguistic or ethnic basis They are. Some punk turned himself in today in my town for helping throwing over a police car, not unlike this kid. You can bet his parents must have had a sit down with him. 

Antifa, the new thing you really don't want your kids "into." I'm in Covington Washington. I too was inclined to agree it wasn't real. Then the local SWAT drove around town and told all the stores to close and they did. Then the strip mall up the street was looted and the gun store there cleaned out last night. The local schools, though closed to students, told my neighbor who works there that the threat was real and specified this area.

I wonder. It's awful quiet. The A is an anarchist symbol, and guns are usually associated with the right. The article doesn't mention antifa or the person's politics or motivations Well, the commie cowards have had their fair warning. They'll not get another. The twitter account that made the threat was found to be a fake one and it actually belonged to a white nationalist group, Identity Evropa ["Twitter takes down disinformation."](https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/security/twitter-takes-down-washington-protest-disinformation-bot-behavior-n1221456) If there isn't a massive spike in Covid cases in a week or two we will know with absolute certainty that the entire CCP Panda Pandemic panic was phony. Covid Cuomo killed off his nursing home population with incompetence more than the Chinese corona. Almost like protesters didn't take an oath to protect and serve and then go around killing people who can't fight back with impunity or something. That’s retarded he was killed by the cop The point here is, both sides largely dont want violence, while recognising there are a small number that do.

We can pretend the minority enjoying the idea of violence is the majority, or recognise them as the crazy subset they are. Yeah Same https://twitter.com/ChatChristi/status/1267569960169148417?s=20 I read the article. I didn't see any mention of him being turned in by his parent.

It did say he works at Amazon, which didn't surprise me though.

Edit: Thank you for posting the Twitter link below showing him turning himself in with his parents. What was she protesting for then? The media paints a very specific picture. If you think about it, he was the bravest person there that day. Didn't say these people were good people. These people were in the wrong. The kid shouldn't have walked into a crowd of insane angry people. Well they get fired and convicted if they kill without a justifiable reason. Imagine saying the same thing about a Muslimah dressed in a hijab. What should she expect and what do we excuse? You’ll do anything to avoid talking about the murder of innocent black Americans which is the issue at hand Best excuse for blind bigotry leading to crazed mob violence any leftist could give. Normal people see this sort of spasmodic ultraviolence and see these 'extremely angry people' are 10,000 times worse than the cop that killed George Floyd. Did you see why the Louisville police chief resigned today? No body cam strikes again, predictably I didn’t have to look at the thumbnail and know what antifa looks like.  it’s the same look where a plain clothes security recovered a stolen police AR from these domestic terrorists. Antifa was all badass like he was playing COD irl but cowered like a pussy when shit get real. Good news, antifa turn finally moved out of mommy's basement Really good article Everybody knows this but is afraid to say it. Send is ass to Covid Cuomo's New York city and their autopsy will find the corona virus killed him.

We now see these riots have nothing to do with this case. Even if they did, the violence of the protesters is already 10,000 times worse than whatever happened to poor Floyd George. This incident does not excuse the excesses of the Left and their looters and arsonists and killers, and we should stop pretending it ever did. They are protesting a systemic problem, not demonizing all police. If you're still denying the validity of the BLM movement you are part of the problem. If you are in a place voluntarily where there is shooting or a good probability of shooting don’t bitch cause you got shot - be smart enough to be somewhere else - there have been lots of peaceful protests around the country. The crowd is evil for attacking him, he's dumb for going into a crowd of extremely angry people brandishing a symbol of someone a majority of them oppose with a passion. ESH Coronavirus protestors are ignoring basic humanity and risking the lives of innocent elderly and at risk individuals. BLM protestors are advocating the freedom to exist. The standard is the same; covid protesters don’t meet the bar. Nobody should be outside or gathering right now. These curfews are the most anti-American practice I’ve ever seen. I is Justin Beiber. I is a bad ass. I is 13. Where my momma. Now do short skirts and rape. Nope, but the Antifa flags will be considering it was a direct rip from the Nazis anyway. Dems. Keeping it third class trashy. The county also found fetanyl and meth in him. While having a major heart condition... Good job parents. A little prison time will do him some good. Yep, but that is because we are not insane with hate.

Let’s see how the voters react in November to the Democrat-caused and Democrat-provoked insurrection. Beating people up as you loot family businesses should reflect badly on them. Test I don’t really know a back story to this but I have seen multiple people actually destroying cars Wish more parents would step up That’s one way to get them out the house Because one was about protesting your right to have your hair done and the other was protesting your right not not get killed for being black. If you’re protesting against having violence committed on you because of race then maybe you shouldn’t commit violence against someone else because of an article of clothing. Seems hypocritical. Two signs I saw from protesters that were extremely troubling. One said abolish the police. I’m like you need some organization to enforce the law or you have anarchy. The second was all policemen are klansmen. I mean cmon a lot of police officers are black or other minorities. This is an egregious overstatement. There are racist cops but a small minority. No one will take you seriously if you say stupid shit like that Antifa is a joke. They’re whining spoiled college kids who go out and insight violence then immediately crumble if retaliated against with equal violence. They aren’t some organized national group that’s secretly fueling riots, they’re a bunch of stupid unorganized kids who see the chaos as an excuse to go out and cause mayhem for some delusional ideal.  They’re certainly guilty of rioting, but they’re also being used as a scapegoat to blame as their imprint on the situation is far smaller than what the media is trying to portray. None of those messages are perpetuating violence so I don't see what makes them a "trash" group. They are trying to address LGBTQ and Feminist issues because they go hand in hand with the difficulties the African American community deals with.

I also wanted to mention that statement you took from the BLM website "we are self reflexive..." in which you stated that the message was "implying that there's a "cisgender" conspiracy to destroy gays which is obviously untrue, gay and lesbian people have all the rights any normal heterosexual has" has no backing. An implication is something that can be inferred from the interaction of a premise and conclusion. In that statement there is absolutely nothing implied to make you say that BLM is implying that there is a conspiracy. They just stated they want to protect Black trans folk from the violence that befalls on them, which statistically is significant. 

And lastly you stated that "they don't like america and they never will", honestly I love this country but i can see where their frustration is coming from. It must not be easy to live in a country where their ancestors were brought in chains only to be held down by oppressive policies such as Jim crow once they were "liberated". It must not be easy to live in a country that had terrorist groups like the kkk hunt and kill them, and even have that terror group still exist today. It must be hard to live in a country were a prison system was built and designed specifically to oppress and deisenfranchise. It must be hard to live in a country where the War on Drugs intentionally put so many people of color away under heavy sentence for minor crimes. And it must be hard to live in a country where the president defends garbage white supremacists in Charlottesville but then calls the protestors of BLM thugs. And I cant imagine how tiring it must be to hear a brother of your community shout "I cant breathe" twice. Twice. Hearing that once is enough for many lifetimes, but having to hear that twice. Idk I guess I cant blame BLM for trying to peacefully and legally try to change American society to actually benefit them for once. ? You wear a maga hat to a BML protest you are being purposely antagonistic. Stop spreading misinformation, please. While the rioters reactions are disgusting, the white man in this video was NOT a business owner, was not defending anything, and instead ran after these people while swinging a machete. There’s a longer version of the scene somewhere else. I am NOT condoning the response. I’m just not sure what the response should be in a situation where a group of people walking down the street in protest are suddenly charged at by a machete-wielder. Stay safe, everyone. Go home to mommy....

Oh wait. Lord you are dumb Independently hired by the family. Same examiner who ruled that Epstein’s death was most likely homicide by strangulation, rather than suicide. This was hugely contradictory to the official medical examiner’s conclusion. In my opinion, I trust him. Makes since I doubt it's all that many, but it's still enough that it's a problem. It doesn't take many to be a problem when they are given qualified immunity and regularly get preferential treatment by the justice system. Cops are people. People fuck up. Treat cops as if they're people that fuck up, and that will be a big step forward. Wow,  I knew that the whole time ...  you just let me understand it. Well said Well then what would keep these riots from happening 24/7 How many cops are there in the us ? And how many times has a cop been legit Amberly racist.  I will admit it happens but not as much as the mainstream media makes it seem.  My grandpa is the nicest Pearson I have ever met...  he is a former cop and would trust active duty cops he knows with his life to make the right decisions. Thank you too Interesting point, thanks for your perspective Neither. Most protestors aren't bad, most cops aren't bad. People just need to stop being hypocrites. Of course. Couldn't have it any other way. people need to atop doing this. The economy is finally starting to recover from the coronavirus and they talking about burning down the stock exhcange. I just invested 2000$ in the stock market that i worked my ass off trying to get for  4 months I really dont care what color they are. So sick of hearing what black people are doing, what white people are doing. People should be judged by the content of their character and held responsible for their actions. I am so happy you used the word Powerful! You just don't see that word around here... If you think it was about haircuts then I have to believe you’re just straight up lying to support the narrative at this point. No one can be that dumb. Oh sorry. I wasn’t arguing against the people flipping being hypocritical. But I don’t think it’s fair to say one event caused these protests. it did watch the video link Which one is it I think Brave is the wrong word even for their characterization of themselves. https://vm.tiktok.com/Ed852L/ So because it’s multiple, COVID no longer gives a fuck? My grandparents deserve having their lives endangered for that? I would like to know why (as I’m sure many might think this way) this is downvoted if someone can start a discussion instead of playing the voting game. It isn’t just ONE social injustice. It’s the culmination of many, and the event with George Floyd lit the fuse. BLM has their own medical examiner? Look at our president, inciting people to violence, then hiding in a bunker all weekend. I think he expected to be treated like the human being he is, and like George Floyd should have been treated.

The hypocrisy of some people is mind blowing. >If protesting will show politicians that this is an important issue I support it.

Honestly, if it works, then maybe I will support it in hindsight. I don't know what it takes for politicians to take notice. The message of police reform is a good one. It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth seeing protests in the midst of coronavirus; protests accompanied by riots, that aren't all signaling the same message. If the protests were simply about police reform, I'd be on board for the most part. It's still irresponsible to protest in an environment with covid-19, but it's not really my place to judge. I think what republicans have been noticing is the lack of unity amongst progressives. Democrats are fighting a war on three or four fronts right now: racism, transgenderism, collectivism (as far as power of the state vs individual, especially coronavirus), and police reform. There are too many chefs in the kitchen. The only message republicans are seeing, since they aren't on the inside of the movement, is one of divisive hate as the protests set the stage for the riots. "Their message is about black excellence and protection for their community. And 2. Consider what it would truly feel like to be racially profiled and constantly have your fellow community members killed by the police who are not held accountable." - Here's a link to their website  [https://blacklivesmatter.com/#](https://blacklivesmatter.com/#)  On the front page they're calling for defunding the police. That doesn't sound like promoting black excellence to me. Lets dig a big further.

" We are self-reflexive and do the work required to dismantle cisgender privilege and uplift Black trans folk, especially Black trans women who continue to be disproportionately impacted by trans-antagonistic violence." - Implying that there's a "cisgender" conspiracy to destroy gays which is obviously untrue, gay and lesbian people have all the rights any normal heterosexual has.

&#x200B;

" We dismantle the patriarchal practice that requires mothers to work “double shifts” so that they can mother in private even as they participate in public justice work."

"We disrupt the Western-prescribed nuclear family structure requirement by supporting each other as extended families and “villages” that collectively care for one another, especially our children, to the degree that mothers, parents, and children are comfortable." 

&#x200B;

"We foster a queer‐affirming network. When we gather, we do so with the intention of freeing ourselves from the tight grip of heteronormative thinking, or rather, the belief that all in the world are heterosexual (unless s/he or they disclose otherwise)."

&#x200B;

"We build a space that affirms Black women and is free from sexism, misogyny, and environments in which men are centered."

&#x200B;

All from the What We Believe section of their website. Hardly any mention of the black men that typically are the ones usually gunned down in these altercations with the police. All their goals seem to be centered around feminism/gay rights/smashing the patriarchy not black excellence. The truth is BLM is a far left group working hand in hand with many other far left groups behind the scenes to reshape Western society fundamentally. They don't like America and never will. If more conservatives weren't so afraid of being called racists they'd open their eyes and see what this movement is really all about. Someone lost their Xbox privileges! I agree with you that initially protesting are fueled by an emotional response. As well that it is difficult to tell if this situation would be handled properly if protesting was not involved. I still believe there could have been a better response. 

Outside of this situation, where I think we will continue to disagree is that there have been multiple instances in the last few years were police have been given way too much leniency for their mistakes/wrongful actions and there needs to be some reform so that people will become more trusting of the system. If protesting will show politicians that this is an important issue I support it. It's a joke chill out Sigh... 

I guess that's what I get for posting on a Republican sub. So... a chink? Yes, but generally republican rallies are more peaceful than a mass protest in which they are claiming such things as 'all cops are bad' and 'white people need to get what they deserve'. Don't think short dress on this one: think "hey guys, I know you all wanna get back to your looting and rioting and everything, but can you all look for a minute at this big red hat that symbolizes a lot of the things you supposedly fight against? And can you all make sure i caught your attention during a riot in which you are blaming the man this hat represents for the death of a random black man?" I'm not saying it's right to beat up a man just for wearing a piece of clothing, but he should have known it was dangerous to go out and even more dangerous to wear that hat The agenda being police reform? I think that's my initial confusion because I would have thought police reform in terms of accountability and transparency would be beneficial for everyone, don't you think? 

Let's say it is part of a progressive agenda, does that make it bad? I could be misinterpreting you (as I already have) but it seems that the protests (not the riots) are being viewed as negative by people on the right because they are somehow being associated with 'the other tribe' whereas I don't understand how that connection is being made when the protests are (generally) demanding something that would make our society better and safer for everyone. Yeah I disagree with those things. Nope. Turn on the news. The MAGA hat will be in future textbooks right next to the swastika. IDK, I could walk into any gun rally or Republican rally with a Bernie 2020 hat and not have a single hand laid on me. Troll In my opinion, the protests are too wide in their messages. There are some protesting for Blacklivesmatter, some for justice in this one instance against Officer Chauvin, some for police violence in general, some calling for police in general to be held accountable, some saying "white silence is violence" calling for an end to racism. 

The only common factor I can pinpoint is progressive ideology utilizing Floyd's death to push an agenda, which is generally a Democratic one.

I probably painted it with too broad a brush. No, I’m not the person who posted that description. I saw you asking what that other person was referring to and I posted the source. Thanks for expanding, I'm trying to see your perspective;

>I didn't say all Democrats are labeling all cops as racists.

I think I was confused when you said;
>Democrats assume racism to be the cause of Floyd's death. They do not wait for a coroner's report, and act without having important information available to them. They assume that racism is pervasive throughout the whole police system.

And;
>They justify riots and protests as being a means to an end, while harming entire cities and causing millions of dollars in damage. It didn't suddenly become okay to damage others' property or ignore social distancing "for a good cause". 

Maybe you can see how I interpreted what you were saying as a generalization of **all** Democrats and **all** protesters. Ambiguous and pedantic, I know, so I'll rescind my point on that and accept that you meant **some** democrats and **some** protesters. Sure.

I do believe though, that suggesting that racism is at least present in the police system as being part of a progressive agenda is dubious. Especially when there is evidence to suggest there is more than enough for concern.

>Perhaps the protest and riot is too much of a mess for any actual message to be inferred

The message is the police should stop brutalizing people and face consequences when they do. Even if a person is very obviously guilty of murder they should be treated humanely and consistently. See the arrest of the Charleston shooter. Unquestionably despicable person but arrested competently. Now contrast with Lloyd who tried to use a fake $20 (maybe unknowingly). Racism argument aside, do you see how the disparity is cause for concern?

>I expect police officers to behave according to a certain standard, but they are humans, not robots. Being a police officer is not easy.

Nobody said it was easy, I think people just want there to be consequences when they commit crimes. Being a police officer shouldn't be a special class of citizen where you can be protected by other police officers. I think there's some merit to the widely shared rhetoric that if nobody was taping the alleged murder of George Lloyd, we would never be hearing about this and the situation wouldn't be scrutinized.

I think we agree the police should face consequences, but my question was, why is protesting for police reform part of some democratic agenda when, in my opinion, it should be a non partisan issue?

I really don't think accountability and transparency is too much to ask for from a public servant.

Maybe we're lost in the weeds I would be hesitant to ever call something perfect when dealing with justice or the justice system. It would be easier to judge the situation  if the protests never happened, because then the situation would have developed naturally and without external influence. Currently, we don't know if the charges against Officer Chauvin are an indirect result of the protests, trying to appease the rioters especially.
I do think the protestors are being illogical based on the timing of the protests compared to the crime. It seems like the only reason to protest so soon and so strongly was because it was fresh in their minds (emotional).

Edit: Also, all protestors are not necessarily the same. Some are certainly more logical than others. Not all of them but it’s still very common for them to utter these kind of things We can apply this logic to anyone in their tribe and demonstrate why it's unfair to label the entirety of the group due to a nonrepresentative minority commits the transgressions.

Black people? But not all...

Latino? But not all... Tell me why I have to call my family and make sure they are safe because there’s all these protestors and looters going crazy and everyone is going down the street just shows they scare me more than cops how dumb So in your opinion this situation was handled perfectly and the protestors are being illogical?

Edit: not the officers actions of course but everything following the events of that day i dont think protesting a child rapist is so bad Mean while in America"Just Obey Authority" >Why can we not hold public servants to the same standard?

I don't intend to fully spell out this argument here. You can't make an omelette without breaking some eggs. If having police is a desirable end, then police need special rights, some of which include leniency in arrest. Citizen protestors vs cops who are supposed to work for them... exercising rights vs a job... proof that there are specific agitators in the protests vs endless footage of savage rioting cops... I wonder who’s in the right. Acab Its Grand Old Party for a reason.... Maybe it’s the way we train that’s the problem. It’s already been said but there’s bad people on both sides. But there’s a systemic problem here that happens all the time, and it’s not rioting. No thats not actually my argument at all. I'm simply trying to say you can't generalize people like that. Period. Thats the thing. The actual movement does not propose violence that is done by people who use the movement's name in vain. Similar to when religion is used as a justification for violence, the religion never supported or advocated for this violence which is why it should not be blamed for that violence. The same applies to the BLM movement (which is not trash). This is simply a movement of African Americans who want the violence imposed on their community to stop. And y that statistic is not indicative of the issue at large, the fact is that as a nation we have a prison and police system that was built to repress people of color, in this case African Americans, that fact is undeniable. 

Please, before hating on BLM and saying they're trash, consider two things: 1. Their message is about black excellence and protection for their community. And 2. Consider what it would truly feel like to be racially profiled and constantly have your fellow community members killed by the police who are not held accountable. 

Thanks for keeping it civil. I'ma guy who listens to both sides of the aisle (which is why I hear out Ben Shapiro) and I believe facts AND empathy are essential in a functioning America. I bet you’re the kind that says women deserve to be raped for wearing a short dress. Disgraceful Kinda funny how a small government sub is so pro government now. One might start to think this place has a few people participating in bad faith or  obviously using "conservative" as a whistle for other not-at-all conservative beliefs. I'm sure that's a great comfort to breana Taylor's family. "They don't even murder THAT many of you in your beds at night. God, quit whining"

You don't choose who shows up to protests because the rule of law has broken down. You do choose who is on those police forces that break the law and are not held accountable. So... a blink? So your argument is the bar for the people we give guns to protect us is equal to the bar of "literally anyone who shows up, including opportunistic thieves" is okay? 

That's your argument?

Really?

And you think you're not very obviously in the wrong here?

*Fascinating.* Well you can argue that some bad protesters make the whole protest wrong while agreeing that some bad cops make an unjust system.

Or

There are some bad protesters, but there are some bad police. Not everybody is defined by the mistakes of the few.

You’d be a hypocrite to believe that one group is all bad because of some bad examples while believing the opposing force simply has a few bad apples.

In a nutshell, the kind of person you are is to either blame the whole, blame the guilty, or you’re an asshole just trying to rage

Thanks for coming to my ted talk:) I paraphrased the 2nd sentence of you post in order to make my point. >First you’re able to say that Democrats are labeling all cops as racists, but don’t you see the irony in saying all protestors are rioters

I didn't say all Democrats are labeling all cops as racists.
I didn't say all protestors are rioters.
It's entirely possible to denounce the actions of an individual without extrapolating it to the whole system. It is a matter of progressive agenda because it IS being extrapolated.


Perhaps the protest and riot is too much of a mess for any actual message to be inferred, because we're only now learning what to actually charge Chauvin with (manslaughter vs murder and its degree) but the riots and protests have been going on for days. The justice system has a process.

>Why is expecting justice for violent police officers only part of the democratic agenda?

I expect police officers to behave according to a certain standard, but they are humans, not robots. Being a police officer is not easy.
Of course I expect corrupt police to be held accountable, and I doubt I am much different from (other?) republicans (I'm generally nonpartisan but republicans seem to be on the right side of this argument).
If this situation were about merely "justice for Floyd", then we would wait until the officer is found not guilty in a court of law. That certainly hasn't happened, so there is nothing to protest on that front. Isn't the difference that the protesters are calling out the bad protesters for doing bad things while police officers don't call each other out for doing bad things like murder unarmed people? How very platonic of you, well I’m more of an Aristotle guy myself, I believe the concept and truth of something is inherently part of its physical existence, not floating abstractly in the sky somewhere - so I don’t believe at all that they are different things because in reality they come out to the same effect. So maybe there is some abstract concept in the ether which represents this system for you, but when you see it, you see it in the form of people - so for me, and as far as what will happen in the world being the same thing, there is no separation which is not entirely imagined by those who would like to think of themselves as clever. It took several days before charges were brought against the officer. The mayor of Minneapolis stated the police did nothing wrong. The police officers on seen stood by and watched this event unfold and following this event a 100 police officers were lined up outside protecting the officers house. If there was not widespread public outcry its difficult to say what would have happened. 

If the officer was a bouncer or security guard he would have gone to jail that same day. Why can we not hold public servants to the same standard? This really isn't a political issue. You can support good cops and still support these protests. The issue stems from the fact that bad cops are not being punished severely enough. That Asian police officer should have told his fellow officer to get off his neck and helped him get up so they could just arrest him rather than stand there to defend his fellow officer. I don't know what went through in his mind but any sensible officer would have noticed that Floyd was in any way a danger to anyone. My brother-in-law is a cop. He damn sure ain't letting a co-worker of his do that in front of him. I respect the work a police officer does but it's not difficult to spot bad cops when you're around then unless you're also a bad cop. Thanks for your comment,

2 things you said that didn’t land right with me;

First you’re able to say that Democrats are labeling all cops as racists, but don’t you see the irony in saying all protestors are rioters? From what we’ve seen it’s like a shift change, the protestors go home at the enforced curfew and opportunistic looters come out at night. You can argue sources but from what’s on the news, any day-time clashes seem to be police instigated. So I’m confused why this is align with some democratic agenda, as you suggest. 

Second, my initial confusion is why this is a partisan issue, when you would think that everyone would expect cops to behave at a standard. What we’ve been seeing is consistent sub-standard behavior from our government. Why is expecting justice for violent police officers only part of the democratic agenda? Wouldn’t republicans expect corrupt/unprofessional police to be held accountable? 

Even racism aside, I don’t think it’s unreasonable to expect the police to not be killing people. Especially in this instance when Lloyd was allegedly using a fake $20.

Not trying to argue, just confused on some stuff you mentioned. There‘s more people to vote for than the senile old man or the dipshit crazy old man, just saying. BLM are trash. Rampant police brutality is a myth, only 0.01% of all police interactions end in a death of a civilian. BLM is a far left group posing as a anti-police brutality group. Go read their website if you don't believe me. Deleted post incoming in 3....2.... Nah Ben is pretty wack... We have gear too. Guns. See this nonsense logic right here is why we can’t have real conversations.  This extreme view of the world because you obviously haven’t put any real thought into it and because you just react off emotions is why we are in trouble.  Cops don’t have authority  over your life you numbskull. The criminal who decides to 1) commit a crime and 2) endanger lives and 3) fight the police have total control over the situation including the outcome.  Why can’t you brains dead morons stop and truly analyze and think about that for a minute? The cops respond.  Sometimes yes, they are bad and commit crimes. But by and large they respond to actions.  They don’t play offense.  They play defense. Well, yeah. Wearing a symbol of racism at an anti-racism protest will probably do that. Yeah...I agree kinda.. walked into that one...literally The 2nd amendments patriots that stormed the capital dont understand that this isnt 1776 or any archaic tyrannical government with guns,This is the US military that has been given  power & special forces ready to take on any task with deadly training,equipment. He's literally facing consequences right now.
Your logic is incomplete. Why do you need a coroners report? Do you really believe the cause of death was from anything other than choking to death. The video footage shows a man handcuffed and walking down the street with 4 police officers while cooperating. Something else happens and we have all seen the footage of the cop with a knee on his throat while the man is begging for his life. The cop that killed him knew floyd personally. 

If the cop was taken to jail that same day and the police department along with government officials were to issue an apology then there would have be no reason for these riots to take place. 

Horrible events keep happening and police officers are not being held accountable for their mistakes. 

The issue isn’t political its humanitarian. I do not want to live in a country that permits cops to act unjustly and not face any consequences. For me it has nothing to do with racism. Agreed, I got suspended from r/news because some idio... um, some user posted that "he's NEVER been prouder to be an American" last night. That kind of sentiment is unimaginable to me. Its bad when your own politicians & news reporters also get arrested & attacked for obeying while observing.. The problem is the cops get paid no matter who or how they kill. I don't think those statements contradict each other. I'm all for policies that decrease government in our lives but I don't have interest in throwing rocks at officers like the rioters. What a shocker Remember, these are the same people who say everything is relative like morality and identity. We’ve seen Democrats blatantly lie in order to advance their political agenda or ignore context and facts. The logic of the left is just sad I don't get it. I always am interested in finding common ground but how can we when people condone violence and property damage against people who have nothing to do with George Floyd. Cool torch Bryson, want to bring it to the white house? Enough do believe it that it's a problem. Just like enough cops are bastards that it's a problem.

A white dude stabbed a black dude during the protests. Police showed up, arrested the white dude, administered first aid, and loaded the injured man into a can so they could take him to the hospital. All the while, the police were being heckled by members of the crowd. They even got large rocks thrown at them as they were leaving. I always thought school was dumb for trying to teach "critical thinking". Like, how hard is it to just think things through? When I see posts like these, I realize I was wrong to criticize. First, Democrats assume racism to be the cause of Floyd's death.
They do not wait for a coroner's report, and act without having important information available to them.
They assume that racism is pervasive throughout the whole police system.
They justify riots and protests as being a means to an end, while harming entire cities and causing millions of dollars in damage. It didn't suddenly become okay to damage others' property or ignore social distancing "for a good cause". 
The media supports the protests and tries to create a favorable narrative, labeling rioters as justice warriors.

Suddenly, we've extrapolated and escalated a single accidental death into nationwide violence and black vs white racial unrest.
The reason it's a partisan issue? Because it's all for the Democratic progressive agenda. Well if you read through what people on the right are saying, quite a few of them ignore the long list of unarmed people who were killed and they say "nah it's all George Soros and antifa" I'm starting to think it's a game their playing because when you ask them strait up how, who and what proof they have, you get a response similar to what I've gotten here. As far as I know, antifa is not really even much of a real organization. It's really a state of mind. Basically a counter to white supremacy. Just another demonized idea from the left because they would rather straw man and create boogie men rather than confront what's literally happening in front of our eyes. That's just my opinion tho and I'm open to having my mind changed Another one praising the police is flying over today. I don’t think money is an issue. Goes to the range once and thinks he’s ready to overthrow the government lol But that’s my point...we can’t just dismiss racism like it hasn’t and isn’t a thing just as much as we cant dismiss any one person for not complying with police and committing crimes. Trying to dismiss one will not work, the country doesn’t work that way. It wasn’t designed to work that way especially now because of the polarized political system we have. If we just stick with your view of the issues at hand, we would be constantly running into a wall.

We have to recognize the difference, if we can’t we are truly lost. We can’t just out right say black people commit more crime for no reason there for black people are the problem. We have to discover why those statistics you posted above are like they are and no matter how you look at it racism, which is a factor, is apart of it. We do the same for cops by looking into the psychological effect of being a police officer in high stress scenarios. 

That is apart of the issue here for example, being arrested is a high stress scenario...arresting someone is a high stress scenario...we only looked at one of them. We only gave the benefit of the doubt to one of them. 

We need to learn to think deeper to fine a balance and debates like this one help us do just that. God. I hope these people realize what they are doing. Maybe some day they can see reason. Except that “the system is racist” and “all cops are racist” are not the same thing at all Just ridiculous. What can he hope to gain from this? It's like throwing a steak at a pack of rabid wolves. A man who looks at both sides of the argument is all the better for it. Well truly what did he expect. It's common sense not to do that. And I hate to say it, but wearing a MAGA hat anywhere is at least partially for the reaction that people give. Still the protestors are fully in the wrong here I have to agree. These protests are wrong in every sense of the word. There’s a law stating you have to go inside if they ask you too You don't get censored for biased views here. Unlike r/politics where you get censored if your comment wasn't quite hateful enough towards America. Such a waste of money tbh The coronavirus is not real to say a cop is the authority over your life is exactly why the system is flawed. we have courts...and juries...and prosecutors...and judges....no one man should be all of these things. it's all about context. https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/

More white people are killed by cops. Now the per capita number would see a higher rate for black deaths by cops, but we need to think of some other statistics as well.

[Here](https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cv18.pdf) is a long survey study about violence in the US in 2018. If you go down to table 14 you will see a table about crime against various races. So you will see the victim column, and then you will see the percentage of total violent crimes against them, and then you will see the columns that show the percentage of that total that was perpetrated by people of a specific race. So you can see all the statistics for white on black crime, black on white crime, Hispanic on white crime and so on.

White people were victimized almost 3.6 million times in 2018. 62% of that number was white on white. 15% of that was black on white. So in 2018 black people violently hurt white people about 530,000 times.

Let's go down to the black victims row. The total incidents of violence against black people was 563,940, not much more than the total incidence of black on white violence... and that was the total violence against them. But okay, smaller population. So let's break it down. Of that total, white on black violence accounted for just a bit more than 10% of it. Black on black violence accounted for just over 70% of it. So black people committed violence against other black people in the US in 2018 around 392,000 times. White people committed acts of violence against black people in the US in 2018 around 56,394 times.

Black on White violence: ~530,000
Black on Black violence: ~392,000
White on Black violence: ~ 56,394

Keep in mind that white people make up about 73% of the US population, Black people make up about 13%. Black people are only 1/5 the size of the white population in the US and yet black people commit 9 times more violence against white people than white people commit against black people.

But even worse than that is the number of black on black violence. So if there is a disparity between the number of black people shot vs. white people shot by cops, might that have something to do with it? Might it just be that right now, black people are disproportionately committing crimes and are often taught not to comply with police? Might that have something to do with it instead of cops just being racist? \#The\_narrative He was charged on friday Definitely not taking it too seriously. My main problem with this is that people are lambasting others who do say things as being superficial or ingenuine. Those that don't say anything are being labeled as racist for their silence. Honestly I am uncomfortable doing either. It was a horrible act. George Floyd did not deserve to die by any stretch. However here in America I was always taught we had freedom of speech or the freedom to remain silent as well. Things have gone too far when having an opinion and expressing that opinion or not for better or worse can influence things in the workplace. White people are being fired from their jobs  for making comments that are believed by others to be racist remarks, but this guy can be blatantly racist against whites and is in encouraged bc i believe too many people are afraid of the backlash if they act against it. Not saying he can't have his opinion but it doesnt need to be brought to the workplace. Save it for peaceful protests. It's just thinly veiled racism. Oh wait, are we talking about the charges that where made today?
The fact that they where made today is what’s led us to where we are today. Yes red states but what color is the city? There’s a difference. Texas is mostly red because some of its smaller cities and most if not all of its rural areas vote Republican on most everything. I've made [a post](https://reddit.com/r/policebrutality/comments/guo74u/i_am_making_a_master_list_of_all_the_videosimages/) to document police violence in these protests, if anyone wants to see or has anything to share. Did you just wake up from a coma?? Look again, also in other red states too That’s the only Texas city I’ve heard of  dealing with this crap at least Karen was not protesting for barber shops. That's why you don't get it. It's satire, my dude. Didn’t they catch a bunch of connected white supremacist looting and rioting in Minnesota?

I could be wrong, but I don’t think they were BLM Bottom line: there’s shitty people on every side, but the majority are not shitty. That’s because the muh Russia crap failed. They had to bring back ole reliable! Racism! Some right wing dude  did it in my town too. 👏Well said. Also no law saying you can't be outside on your private property. Republicans: you can't say all gun owners are violent when it's only a VERY SMALL group being violent! The majority of us use guns for peaceful things! 

Also Republicans: there are a few bad protesters out there so ALL protesters are bad!!

See the fallacy in "the truth" of your post? And also that’s completely different there’s no law stating I have to suck said dick Yes Bruh that didn’t happen Paint balls can still cause serious injury, and just because this single person was hit in the waist does not mean there have not been numerous times where the police are aiming for the head. It’s just Dallas? Wrong. The ACAB shit is ubiquitous Wait are we still talking about george floyd? Because if so Chauvin was most certainly charged with 3rd degree murder and 2nd degree manslaughter and ALL of the officers were fired. For sure, but does this have anything to do with race? All I see from protestors is BLM this, BLM that. Justice was served already, people are just throwing a tantrum now This isn’t happening primarily in “black ghettos”, it’s happening downtown in business type districts. Arrest them? How about leave them the fuck alone? They are innocent people what ab the cops destroying their own cars and taking pictures? this isn’t a black and white situations, there’s good and bad in both groups Local fox affiliates usually have a deal with another local affiliate like the local abc, cbs, or nbc affiliate. Like in my region, the CBS affiliate struck a deal with FOX so that they cover both their CBS news stuff and the FOX news stuff.

Anyway, your dismissal of this is dishonest. Take care. Not just celebrities, politicians, Joe Biden is donating to have them bailed out. That's not a good reason to ignore the truth and if you stood accused i would hope they got the story right.

Just because he didn't technically cause the death doesn't mean he isn't responsible. In other words, he still prevented the guy from easily breathing while they were figuring out what to do. That might not be murder but manslaughter, I'm not sure the designation. It's not like he'd got off scott free on a technicality. It's still wrong what he did.

We should always look for the full story and not be afraid of what we will find because it might hurt what we think should happen. If we want a justice system that works we need one that is accurate. The guy was wrong, but throwing a murder charge around because it'll make you feel better is not justice. Justice is assigning a fair accusation and a fair sentence. The protestors themselves acknowledge this though, and do not associate or try to protect these rioters. 

There isnt such an acknowledgement within the police force. Would a good man harboring a fugitive not also be legally responsible and charged?

Edit: a word If i ask you to suck my dick would you do it without question? This isn't symantics, and I'm not trying to let this guy off at all, but accuracy in narratives is important for good discourse. Imagine a person who has a weak aorta. It is on the verge of bursting but is stable under regular, low stress circumstances. In the high stress situation of an arrest, including not fully cooperating, the aorta bursts and the guy dies. Was the cop at fault? I mean if the cop really roughed the guy up for no reason, sure. In fact if you hit a person in the head and happen to hit them just right that it bursts an aneurism, you can be tried for murder even though it was a freak accident. It wouldn't be first degree, it would be 3rd degree maybe.

Anyway, now imagine a similar situation with a suspect with that heart issue. The cop doesn't follow protocol perfectly, but does it mostly by the book. Let's say the cop detains him a bit more forefully. Maybe it wasn't completely kosher but not completely unreasonable, is the death the cop's fault? Certainly not entirely, right? I mean the arrest caused the stress thar likely led to the burst, the person did physically exert himself a little while he was being uncooperative, even if the cop shouldn't have been quite so rough, nothing the cop did was so far beyond normal that you can assign blame to him. I mean the guy was commiting a crime, knowing that he could be arrested, while he may not have known of his condition, people know these things are possible. Do you arrest the cop for murder when he was just a little too forceful?

We do have to give cops some wiggle room, and I don't mean a way to escape a murder charge when they do something bad on purpose or something. I mean that of they make a bad judgment call in a split second decision, maybe we need to show some leniency. Like we can't demand a cop's head if they have their weapon drawn and tell a suspect to freeze, but the suspect suddenly and very abruptly reaches into his jacket and starts to pull something out that might be a gun. That said, we also can't just give a cop a pass if in a similar situation the suspect foolishly reaches into a breast pocket but everything is easy to see because he's not reaching deep into a jacket, and they can see the pocket which clearly can't be holding a gun and in fact looks to have a pack of cigs in it. If a cop shoots that person? That cop ought to be arrested and tried. For murder? No, but manslaughter or something? Totally.

Now in the case of Floyd and Chauvin (And this is likely what the case will center around), the question is did Chauvin's actions, while awful, cause the death of Floyd? It may be the answer is no, but Chauvin prevented him from getting the help Floyd needed out of gross negligence. That is also terrible, I'm not sure what that would be designated as, manslaughter? Maybe that is 3rd degree murder.

Anyway, the point is that they have this guy on something for sure. It was never going to be 1st degree murder. I just hope people aren't dead set on murder because we do need oir justice system to be accurate. We can't have a justice that assigns the crime of murder out of the fear that anything less will lead to riots. Then no one has justice and we've lost what the protests were fighting for to begin with.

There are those that are calling this an execution. That is simply not the case. And that speaks to why we need to get specific and get the words right. There are those that still believe this was an execution and that this cop should die. That would be a miscarriage of justice just as bad as what happened to Floyd. I'm going to let you in on a little secret. Life is more than youtube videos. I couldn't agree with this more! This George Floyd tragedy is the first time in memory that I've seen one of these incidents and thought... that officer should be convicted of murder. Most times, people (black, white, brown, whatever) all commit the same offense... they don't COMPLY! I'm sorry but if I have someone in power that possesses a gun, it'll be "yes sir, no sir (or yes ma'am, no ma'am)" at that moment in time. I don't care their sex, their age, their race or anything else. If I disagree with anything, I'll take it up with the judge. I don't want my life ended because someone fueled by adrenaline made the wrong split-second decision. I just can't understand why more people dont feel the same way. Then your comment should have said that the reports you saw showed mainly black people. Your comment is still an unconvincing argument because it basically tries to say that whit supremacists wouldn't benefit from this turning violent What are you talking about?  I’ve seen a dozen posts today along the lines of “police took off their riot gear to march with the protestors”.  In the past I’ve seen videos of police playing basketball with black teenagers on this site.  People love that kind of feel-good bullshit. If you‘re still supporting the cops you‘re farther deranged than Ben Garrison. Just saying. Yeah, it's fine to vandalize and Molotov churches but not worship in them. America in 2020. Yeah but fuck the rioters. Everybody hates them Exactly. Another major factor to this crisis. treat them like those bored, rich kids that joined ISIS. The issue they are protesting is that the small group of bad cops are protected from persecution when they misbehave I think the reason that I, personally, missed this angle is one of two reasons: either the color is WAY off on my tv or 90% of white supremacists have the darkest tans I've ever seen. Well I was about to link it but I just saw his family had an independent autopsy done that contradicts the first one. The independent autopsy says Floyd's death "was homicide caused by asphyxia due to neck and back compression that led to a lack of blood flow to the brain." So wtf is that about. “If a police officer states it you must do so” I mean, that’s not true. And if a police officer states you must hand over your legal firearms? What then? If I police officer stated I MUST take a breathalyzer, can I still refuse it? (which is my right) or does he now have grounds to mace me or shoot me with non-lethal rounds?

To blame someone for doing literally nothing wrong, on their own property, other than not responding to an illegal police order is a really fucked up mindset. If you wonder how authoritarians rise to power it’s because of how you just responded.

If you’re not concerned by that reaction by the cops, you truly don’t belong in a free state because you don’t even believe in one. As one user pointed out, this is a strawman. Moreover, I think people are protesting the tendencies of police departments to protect their police officers so as to not damage the public relations within their community. Just look at the statement

https://web.archive.org/web/20200526121443/https://www.insidempd.com/2020/05/26/man-dies-after-medical-incident-during-police-interaction/

"he appeared to be suffering medical distress"

Yes, for them it is a race issue, but nonetheless it is still a police brutality issue. Hey y'all,,, it's not y'all Antifa, but they be a part of it. Oh really was he now? Seriously fox news need to stop this. Like the fact is a man needlessly died for a minor non violent offence. 

No amount of training the man had would have justified this. This is a pattern that hasn't been addressed for years.

Stop sharing this sort of thing it's divisive and that's is not what we need right now Police plants? Are you serious with this? I would absolutely love to see any evidence you have for that assertion. I mean it's really not its always been about police brutality. Though I wouldnt dismiss that some white supremacists are in there to use the cover of a riot to do some attacks on black people. There's nothing to correct. I'm not saying it wasn't wrong but maybe it's manslaughter, maybe it's murder. I'm not sure why you have a problem admitting that the cause of death may not actually be directly a result of what the cop did. We still agree it was wrong. I mean the protest is that the system keeps letting this happen but sure, you believe that Why are gun toting 2nd amendment right white dudes joining in? Why is this happening in a country where the leader is a republican? 

This isn't partisan. Is that why the protests, riots, and looting are happening in BOTH republican and democrat led cities? This is SO much bigger than whether is someone is liberal or conservative. But yes, that is their logic, and it’s rarted I personally don’t mind riots so long as they’re not geared towards innocent business owners, and more geared towards police stations, and I wouldn’t normally even be OK with riots, it’s just the whole battle between police brutality over 200 years Woah there mate. Calm down begining to sound a bit russian. I'm with this guy. We've been asking that for 3.5 years and somehow everytime it's "evidently not I guess" I mean if we wanna go that far the president was reposting and supporting actual terrorist organisations Qanon. 

What does that make him? 

Etheir fine for terroism if it's done for the benefit of himself. Or just plain dangerous. Just be an American with values honestly. Think more about why you are this way and question your beliefs. 

Infact don't even think about it like an american with values think about it like human being Oh my god no they didn't please look around and realise this isn't about any particular party anymore this is much bigger than that. 

The leader of the free world claimed terroism on one side and then litterally shared another terrorist groups retoric within 48 hours or advocating for more violence. 

This isn't a partisan issue anymore this has gone way beyond tribalist politics. Called the “not all Scotsman” rhetorical case if anybody is wondering Haha good one. Except this happened with a republican in charge and the police are separate to any party and at least the dems seem to give a shit about police reform?

Like again police brutality isn't a partisan issue it's a civil rights issue stop sharing these inherintely divisive articles if you want things to change. Are you aware of what satire is? Yeah but the answer isn't risking people's lives. Its getting the politicians to support people. There isnt an objectively right thing to do people will get hurt some people have already died but the reaction has not been good. 

When the president is threatening citizens. Something is wrong Lol, you are downplaying it so hard! “Annoyed at grocery lines” get that bullshit out of here!

It was because small business owners had zero money and starving families. Their literal livelihoods were at stake. And so did people with literal Confederate flags when they protested against legitmate lock down rules. 

Hell there's right wing groups amongst the protestors themselves what does this prove? It's a right wing """"satire page"""" delegitimsing actual protests cause they think it's left wing and thats bad. 

It's been done. We can ignore it and move on Could you link me to the autopsy, I can only seem to find them saying that they will release it soon. Police cannot have any “bad apples” that job like the military needs to have serious repercussions to anyone not doing their job properly. By claiming it's medical kinda stops him from being held accountable when he is and he actively killed a man we can argue semantics all we like. 

The fact is a man died who didn't need too. The autopsy made by the police that flew directly against the videos circulating that were entirely different. 

Like let's not kid ourselves let's call it exactly what it is. Murder. 

It was plain and simple. 

And yes the autopsy report may be right but I highly fuckin doubt it. 

Like please I'm not trying to attack you. I'm just trying to correct you. Beacause the fact remains a man died while in police custody for a non violent offense that wouldny have happened if he were white. 

Like I can understand but this evidence is flimsy at best harmful at worse. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/minneapolis-police-national-guard-paintball-shooting-porch-a9541016.html%3famp

Just search national guard light em up. I am over seventy and sometimes have senior moments. When this happens in a store or other place like I confuse my change etc. I apologize, and explain that I am old just like Biden except I am not running for president. There have been a lot of violent riots in the past 10 years. Fergason, Baltimore, Charlotte to name a few. It's changed nothing. What’s the benchmark for change? It never happens again? Sure sounds great, but it’s going to happen again. It’s going to be on video again. There is no easy solution. There's not even a proposed solution really. And it’s going to be really hard to tell if things are better or not without understanding what needs to change. There are good cops and bad cops. There are good protesters and bad. There are good intentions and bad. Until we're able to recognize the grey area in all sides we're never going to have meaningful change. We have to move beyond tribalism. There has to be a cultural shift on the left and the right. We need more accountability in law enforcement. This cop shouldn't have even had a job with the rap sheet he had. We need a justice, education, and healthcare system that's more equitable and less dependant on a person's race and socioeconomic status. We need more personal responsibility, more 2 parent households and a mutually shared understanding of moral/acceptable behavior. We need an educated, informed and involved electorate. That won't come fast or easy and in this climate, it seems impossible, but I think it starts with better leadership and that means finding people that can understand these grey areas start to bridge these gaps to find a common middle gorund. Firstly can we not use snowflakes. Like I'm a left leaning dude one of the biggest crituqes we have of right wing talking points is you guys litterally have 4 jokes and all of them mostly come from hate. 

Secondly these things aren't partisan they are about civil rights please realise this ...who will run you out of a supermarket for not wearing a mask. Reddit is compromised. Actually allot of the rioters are avoiding small businesses. It's a small number of fringe assholes who are doing it, or police plants.


Most of the damage is done to target and big retailers. Again, the action taken by the cop was wrong. But he didn't die then and the autopsy doesn't indicate that the cause of death was from that. Again, that doesn't mean it was right. To be fair allot of people are also just very annoyed at how the government has handled everything. 

This is kinda the point beacause people have gone I know it's a pandemic but this is more important. 

When people can justify that line of thinking and bi partisan people actually start to join them? 

Something is majorly wrong. This is good? Police brutality, wage inequality, student debt on the rise, medical debt at the highest it's been in decades, lack of legitmate leadership candidates the globe over, the rise of far right nationalism in the west. Having a litteral authoritarian in the white house? 

This is what's supposed to be considered good? 

Like hey at least we have more advanced tech I guess. And people aren't as openly racist as before. Most of the marches were socially distant.  You're right the virus doesn't care why people are gathering.  In both cases, people have the right to protest and given the pandemic, they should practice social distancing.  But I would argue that Black Lives Matter is a more just cause than being annoyed that there's limited amounts of people allowed in the grocery store. Can't get a haircut vs getting killed.... think there's a big difference The difference is it isn't the job of the peaceful protestors to stop rioters. It IS the job of good cops to stop bad cops.

The saying isn't "one bad apple makes the whole barrel LOOK bad" it is "one bad apple can spoil the whole barrel."

I don't think most cops are bad people, but I DO think most cops are bad cops. At least in the big cities. There are degrees of bad. The cops that use excessive force, frame people and are on the take are certainly the worst of them. And I think in most jurisdictions they are in the minority. However, the cops that cover for the worst cops, or look the other way when they see wrong doing are also bad cops, and that kind of bad cop seems to be in the majority of large city police forces. 

And that isn't me playing holier than thou. If I were a cop I probably wouldn't have the courage to turn in the bad cops either, which would make me a bad cop and thus not suited for the job. Mate you is chatting some right consipracy theory nonesense.

Most black lives matter protests have been completely peaceful, and against real and legitmate threats to the rights of black people. 


Your litterally explaining what happened to black people for hundreds of years.


Hell half of it could be thrown at the police sent to deal with George fylod himself. Looting started to escalate when the police started to use force that's the exact thing that happened. 

You need to remove yourself from party politics beacause it's so clear that's really far right probably really racist rethoric. This effects everyone of us. Yeah but the protesters aren’t killing people every single day Your porch is your property. Sitting on your porch, whether to defend your home from mobs or just to observe the neighborhood, is allowed under the terms of the curfew as stated by the mayor. These people were breaking no rules and yet these cops decided to go full Punisher on them, yelling “Let’s go! Let’s go! Light em up!”

If you don’t think that is wrong then you have allowed your politics to get in the way of your morals. [Light em up!](https://www.google.com/amp/s/minnesota.cbslocal.com/2020/05/30/light-em-up-video-appears-to-show-law-enforcement-shooting-paint-rounds-at-citizens-on-their-porch/amp/)

That's the one they're talking about. Mate let's agree that if anyone does any of the shit were seeing pulled by law enforcement right now they shouldn't own weapons. 

Now really is not the time for whataboutism I don’t see that is their claim at all, I don’t think BLM thinks all cops are bad but cops enforce a an unjust system of law, so yes cops are bad they chose to enforce the laws of a corrupted system. The police state IS the problem. No, that’s not true at all - it is REGULARLY argued that the criminal justice system is inherently racist and designed specifically and exclusively to target and abuse minorities, and maintain a system of white supremacy. So it’s not a straw man at all, regardless of how individual protesters (or the straight up looters for that matter) feel. Though I agree many protesters have a better and more reasonable understanding of their circumstances, it doesn’t negate this widely repeated messaging, or that many people both believe and act on it... Beacause the message isn't watered down by going well the police that are just being good and doing their job isn't enough any more. They need to be adamantly anti racist. Yes I am aware. I just wanted to point out that rubber bullets can be lethal as your comments left me with an impression that you might be unaware of the, frankly, destructive nature of rubber bullets. Playing devil's advocate: the cops are the ones who have the power, while protestors don't, so they can't be compared like this. But yea, whoever says all cops are bad are just trying to stir up trouble rather than protesting. The problem is that the police officers responsible for said bad interactions aren't held accountable and increasingly a feeling that they can get away from anything is being fueled(amongst the cops) with "bad" cops getting away with no backlash for their sometimes lethal and very unethical actions They were actually paint balls and the person was hit in the waist Ok but let's be real here no matter how healthy you are the dude litterally put his knee on his neck for 8 minutes. 

That would kill anyone. The report says allot of things but things simply do not add up. 

When a person says I can't breathe why didn't he then act? He has been part of shooting incidents before. This was incredibly similar to the Eric garner case who died for similar reasons.

This is just exposing how the police operate when no body is watching. All that happened this time was people were. They actually were paintballs I feel like it's important to point out that rubber bullets can kill if they hit unfortunate, soft penetrable places. There’s also a large issue of absolutely nothing being done to the “few bad apples”, and they are even protected to a large extent. Sorry, but the rounds being used are not none lethal, they are called less than lethal rounds. They still can easily cause serious harm or death to a person, especially when they are being aimed at the head, which is not how they are supposed to be used. And a couple more for good measure:

https://abcnews.go.com/US/nypd-officers-tip-off-body-cameras-watchdog-report/story?id=69254245

https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20181207/11242241179/atlanta-cops-caught-deleting-body-cam-footage-failing-to-activate-recording-devices.shtml

This is just when they've been caught. I'm sure you're right though, I'm sure it's not widespread. This is the kind of sentiment they are trying to tell us. 

This isn't about politics anymore cause this is a civil rights issue that has gone not addressed for way way too long. 

When the free press is being attacked for trying to comply even if you don't like them as an entity. The leader of your country is calling for further escalation. 

You have to ask is this really right? On a moral level do I agree with this. Is matieral goods more important than people's lives. Imagine the coordination that would have to take place lol They amended the order yesterday with the latter part newly included specifically because of this incident Autopsy has concluded that there was no sign of strangulation or apshixation. Floyd was a long time coke addict and dealer. There is a new video surfacing of Floyd dropping two baggies of a white powder while being arrested. Highly likely that he died from a stress/cocaine induced heart attack. I've watched the video and it never looked like he was struggling to breathe. He talked loudly until he went unconscious. And I'm very neutral in this, I just want the facts. When seconds count the police are only minutes away. Here's a few I found after a few seconds on Google. 

https://www.aclu.org/blog/privacy-technology/surveillance-technologies/abuses-show-police-departments-need-take-cameras

https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/after-baton-rouge-shooting-questions-swirl-around-body-cam-failures-n605386

https://www.news5cleveland.com/news/local-news/investigations/not-captured-how-northeast-ohio-police-body-worn-cameras-fail-to-record-critical-moments You still haven't answered my questions. Which solutions are proposed? What do the rioters actually want to happen? Justice for George Floyd? Well that is happening. The cops been charged with 3rd degree murder. Justice takes time. The rioters are only creating more problems, they are solving nothing. What solutions are the rioters providing? Dot hey just want anarchy? Cause that's a great way to artificially inflate police brutality. It doesn't matter how loud you yell, if you don't provide a solution nothing will ever happen. It doesn’t matter what they were shot with, the fact that they were shot at at all is an example of police brutality and a display of the fact that at least one officer  (clearly more than one as shown in the recording) had/has an itchy trigger finger to fire upon the citizens that they have taken an oath to protect. 

Punishments for noncompliance were clearly put in place and were not respected by the officers charged with enforcing them. He doesn’t like law enforcement and doesn’t like Republicans.  Hopefully he never needs to call police for help.  He should find a lower stress subreddit to read for entertainment (one that he agrees with) but he likes the back and fourth I suppose.  Anyway, 🍻. And as much of a piece of shit as they are, you can’t call them a piece of shit because then they can justify to themselves “oh they used a bad word so clearly they can’t be spoken to. Clearly as a reasonable person of reason I’m in the right here.” They weren’t actually shot by a rubber bullet it was a paintball and personally I believe that’s a better punishment then 1000 dollar fine or 90 days in jail but yes they should have done that probably instead This is not a political issue, this is a human rights issue. I honestly don’t know....maybe have one officer take a minute to explain the need for them to go inside? Or threaten to arrest? Really anything short of shooting....I know it was a warning shot more the anything, I still think it’s excessive....I’d be outraged if an officer shot at me on my own property. This sub: Authoritarianism is bad

This sub: Protect and respect our boys in blue Another fact . you got the right answer man Why bother with someone who believes in a police state lmao >anytime there is misconduct, all the body cams are magically dead

Show me the massive amounts of misconduct with dead body cams.  This is clearly an over statement. Exactly. This is NOT a Republican or Democrat issue. This is a problem with America. Fuck everyone who tries to put a political spin on this (looking at you MSNBC and Fox News). Yes thank you “...an individual who willfully violates this Executive Order is guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction must be punished by a fine not to exceed $1,000 or by imprisonment for not more than 90 days.”

At what point does this mention being shot at as punishment, rubber bullets or no. If the police officers were in danger or if an act of violence were occurring that would be one thing. However, the response from the police was very different from what the FAQ outlines. Disgusting animals [https://youtu.be/JvYpSubrqrc](https://youtu.be/JvYpSubrqrc)  On one hand, these people need more common sense. Military is telling you to get inside then you probably get in-fuckin-side. They were hit with a paintball, not a rubber bullet contrary to what MSM is saying. On the other hand, these are civilians at the door of their own home. This chaos sucks.

edit: pause at 00:24 second mark to see green paint on floor They didn’t listen to the officers what else do you suppose the officers do? Arrest them? That takes a lot of time and requires several officers Rioting is obviously not the right thing to do, but it does bring attention to the situation and makes the government want to actually do something about the injustices that are happening in the world right now.

People have been protesting peacefully for so many years now and not much has changed, so unfortunately this is what it has to come to for the people in power to make a change. Yes your logic is very solid. https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Pages/faq.aspx yes I do they say get inside several times But is the correct response to shoot rubber bullets at people who don’t comply? Seems excessive.... The issue with your last statement is that it could easily mean nothing. I mean how often do they run into each race? How many encounters involve aggressive people. It’s very hard to determine if it’s more common because of the numerous factors Can you provide a source for this? In addition, in the video, at any time can you hear the police ask these people to go inside before opening fire? Abolish police unions,  they actively protect bad cops No amount of good will justify the bad things they do. The good they do wont be affected or removed when we eliminate the bad apples and start holding them accountable. The curfew states that you may stay on your porch but if a officer tells you to go inside you must do so This is the Babylon bee. A Satie website In this case, the people shot at were breaking zero laws and not impeding anything the police were trying to do. The police had zero authority to order them inside in this case and less than zero authority to “light ‘em up.” Right, that's what I said. Be honest, man. I never said his sickness was his fault, or his death was his fault. But it was his fault he got arrested in the first place, and resisting arrest was a stupid thing to do, that is his fault, too. I’m not entirely sure about the rules of curfew there but the police asked them to go inside and they ignored them Looting isn't dissent. Looting is opportunism. Dissent is not complying with an unjust law, not resorting to anarchy. Its a moot point considering both sides are right >And just know, though we may have differing views I don’t fault you for anything and truly appreciate having someone to debate with. For once it’s like a breath of fresh air.

You too.

I want to make a point again about the cause of death though. I agree, cops do get some training about the body and medicine, but they are not trained to diagnose heart conditions. Pinning people is sometimes necessary, though that particular pin and the manner in which Floyd was pinned was clearly not necessary. Anyway, you seem to have a view that cops can adequately do their duty while also being aware of all the possible things that could make things go bad. In other words, it seems like you have this sense that a cop should somehow be attune to all possible outcomes or that they should change their behavior because one person might have a medical condition the cop can't possibly know about. And I totally get that, I get wanting to ensure that someone who might have brittle bones disease isn't roughed up by cops. The problem is we can't always do that AND ensure the safety of others or the safety of the cops.

I have a lot of disagreement with you, like I have some problems with the BLM movement I won't go into, I would rather focus on things we likely agree with.

I think you can agree that a cop's main priority is the safety of others, then their own safety (because they can't keep others safe when they are not alive) and finally, the safety of those they arrest. While many cops would sacrifice their lives to protect people, when it comes to the safety of a suspect resisting arrest and their own safety, that their own safety is more important.

When a cop is dealing with a non-violent offender, they still must handcuff the offender, and often times people will resist that. Floyd apparently (though we still need all the facts) did resist arrest to some degree, that goes on a spectrum though. You can resist a little, you can resist a lot. It can also change in an instant. You can be complying and then BOOM suddenly you fight. I'm going to link to a video of an attempted arrest that went bad, it is brutal, so be warned. But it shows how fast things can go bad. And I'll tell you, even handcuffed individuals can be dangerous (though you won't see that in the video).

Before that though, I think we need to be a little more flexible with cops for a few reasons that I think BLM forgets. Cops don't know a person is unarmed until they have frisked the person. It also takes less than a second to grab and point a gun. 

Check out [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfi3Ndh3n-g) of a vocal BLM protester going through some cop training. Watch what he does in the scenarios they put him in as a cop. What protocols could be different there that would have protected the cop AND ensured the suspect wasn't hurt?

[Here is the awful one I mentioned](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=YQLOmfx8X_E&feature=emb_logo). It's a routine traffic stop with the person looking intoxicated so they test him. The video starts just as they are finishing up the intoxication test. The cops find the man is drunk and then proceed to handcuff him. If you are still reading, please watch the video first because I don't want to taint my view of what happened with yours. But I think you and I will agree on what we see.

Just a note, after this suspect resists, one of the cops eventually starts punching. There are rules about punching when subduing a suspect. Cops CAN punch and it can sometimes be necessary to stop a suspect, but when you see it on video it can feel like it's personal or something. In truth, it is an accepted procedure. And I think we can agree that that is far better than using a gun.

So this is what I saw:
1) They peacefully stopped a young man and administered legal tests. We know they hadn't searched the car illegally because they would have found the gun already.
2) They determine this individual is intoxicated and begin to arrest him without hardly any force.
3) The suspect suddenly starts resisting and the officers have trouble subduing him... that is something important to note. At least one of those officers was a big, strong guy, and yet they still had trouble subduing this person. Even when it seems like the cops are outnumbering the person, it's not always still safe for the cop.
4) The cops escalate and use a taser because now there is a greater threat to their own well being, as well as the perpetrator's. The more the suspect fights, the more the cops are at risk, the more he is at risk, and the more drivers are at risk if it spills onto the road.
5) As they tase him, they get ready to subdue and handcuff again, and try, but it is still a struggle.
6) Even after all this struggling against two cops, the suspect gets away, runs to his car grabs a gun, and shoots both the cops. Keep in mind, he shot first before they returned fire.

What protocol should be different?

I think it is reasonable to assume, even if those cops got him cuffed, he was a flight risk, so subduing him while handcuffed until they could get some back up and get him into a car would be necessary. So sometimes even a handcuffed individual requires being pinned down.

Now finally, consider this. Imagine the perpetrator didn't have a gun in his car. Imagine he runs to his car and reaches for something, the cops don't know what it is. They have to assume it is a weapon, so they shoot for their safety and the safety of everyone driving by. But how does the media report it?

"An unarmed black man was shot and killed by cops today. Officers pulled the man over in a standard traffic stop turned deadly. The details of the incident are still unknown but the cops have been suspended from field duty until they investigate what happened."

Is that even close to the whole story? They make people think the cops just murdered a poor defenseless guy. Even without a gun, that guy wasn't defenseless.

The media would list that as an unarmed man being shot by a white cop and BLM would say that another racist cop killed an innocent black man. Even if that guy didn't have a gun in his car, he wasn't innocent. Even without a gun, a suspect can injure or even kill a cop.

Now most arrests actually end with a suspect letting the cops put on the cuffs and then get in the car. But the times it doesn't are not as cut and dry as the media often makes it out.

I hope that makes you consider some things. Cops deal with horrible stuff all the time, they are always at risk, even routine stops can turn on a dime and lead to their death. It is not a cop's fault that someone decides to drive drunk with what was probably an illegal gun, but they have to deal with it. It is not the cop's fault that a person decides to use counterfeit money, but the cops have to deal with it. While no person should die in police custody, we ask the cops to do the impossible and then freak out if they don't always do it perfectly. It sucks when they get it wrong, but these protesters acting like a handful of bad arrests is reason to completely undermine the entire system is crazy.

If they would just get specific about what they want, we could actually have a discussion. Do you fail to see the hypocrisy in this comment? The right has been telling us for years that "not all cops are bad and it's a few bad apples." Meanwhile, anytime there's misconduct, all the body cams are magically dead, the "investigation" always determines there's no wrongdoing, and the thin blue line lies to protect the officers involved. Honestly I see the logic considering the protestors have been [seen](https://www.reddit.com/r/instantkarma/comments/gug5kf/peaceful_protest_not_raging_riots/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)  actively turning the rioters to the police. The day the cops turn the tucked up ones in is when it’ll be equal Weird considering the protestors I see are always getting in the face shit talking all cops The problem is that the people on their porches were literally complying with the curfew order which explicitly delineated that citizens are allowed to be on their porches during curfew and were still shot at. ACAB? Fuck 12? Defund the police? That wasn’t national guard btw, just regular police officers, the guard members were in camo next to the HMMWV heading down the road in front of the officers that fired on the people on the porch. Sick fucks! Looters aren’t public employees that are supposed to be dedicated to protecting and serving their community and upholding justice. Looters aren’t the authority or the system. They are the dissent. Looters have no duty to me or their community. I condemn them but I’m not betrayed by them. They are a societal response to the broken system that is allowed to remain broken because of “good cops” The criticisms were because they were endangering the whole of society by gathering in a large group. 

Why the fuck is one social injustice (Floyd) ok to threaten the rest of society with, but the other injustice (closing of private business) is not? Are the lives of my Grandparents not worth considering in the first case? Why not? 

Guess what! The virus doesn’t GIVE A FUCK what “injustice” you are fighting for. 

It is absolutely disgusting to see how people have done a complete 180 on this. Its a turd in the punchbowl situation for both sides. OK well same goes for looters when you're peacefully protesting. It’s not just media hype. A couple cops protesting with their community or holding up signs is cool, good for them. But the bad of NYPD shoving a woman into the ground out of nowhere giving her seizures while his commanding officer plus 10 other cops just keep walking is infinitely more bad than the other cops are good. A group of 20 or so national guard open firing at people who were doing nothing but standing on their porch is infinitely more bad. Cop cars storming through crowds spraying pepper spray indiscriminately is worse: 
Good cops doing their jobs and being a part of the community is not enough when they aren’t doing shit to stop the bad cops. At this point it isn’t enough to say “I’m not doing the bad stuff” if you aren’t actively calling out and holding the bad ones accountable. The system will not be fixed until this happens. So what’s the problem the people clearly weren’t going to go inside and didn’t listen to the cops I do not get why when something bad happens an entire group is dragged into it.  

In this instance the officers bad actions speak loudly and I do not see the need to water down the message by blaming all police.

I get that people get angry and the response then is to place blame where you can.  I just think that weakens the message which hinders the actual change that is needed. Your correct you did say non leathal that’s my bad but I agree with the police on this one the already had a curfew and there were people setting up raids there so they automatically have to assume anyone outside their house that late past the curfew was going to raid and the people didn’t listen when the cops told them to go inside Don't buy into the media hype. You never see videos of them doing good, only bad. So that's why you see a lot of videos like that. Well it may be my opinion, but applying pressure to the neck of a man saying “I can’t breathe” and continuing to apply it after he falls unconscious from what a 3 year old could deduce to be asphyxiation. 

It’s pretty impossible to claim something like that was accidental so he should be charged as so Thank you. Issues like these are what principles of 2A stand for. I despise all the conservatives on here saying peaceful liberal protestors deserved what they got. Are we supporting the government regardless of their wrong doing because they’re republican? I'm very aware they were not bullets. They didn’t shoot them with actual bullets they shot the with rubber bullets because there is a curfew to prevent raids and they didn’t listen when they told them go inside if you listen to cops you won’t be shot with rubber bullets No one polices the police. They get away with 10x more than any normal person. It's a pretty brutal difference. They should be held to a MUCH HIGHER standard than civilians, or they don't need that MUCH HIGHER authority. I didn’t describe anything, I was just providing the source you asked about. u/ant-nation this is it.

https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gtsaam/please_make_this_go_viral_i_am_begging_you_police/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share They shot rubber bullets the way you described it made it seem like they were killing people also they already said they were declaring martial law and they would be having a curfew they told the people to go inside and they didn’t listen in my opinion that’s their fault and I agree how the military handled it And what are they doing? Destroying their neighborhood? How does that help anyone? What solutions do they propose? What good are they doing? Who's lives are they saving? You think conservatives don't care that a murderer cop killed a man? We do, we just know that rioting and destroying the city and peoples lives inst the answer. Maybe because major cities tend to be more left leaning 🤷‍♂️ I doubt that very very much so and I’m sure something this severe would have a source but it doesn’t and in debating any info without a viable source is considered false information https://twitter.com/tkerssen/status/1266921821653385225 That’s not what happened you liar.

I wrote out the section you misquoted from my link.

I never accused you of being CPP.  I accused you of being willing to lie to defend the state, like you are right now like a CPP supporter.

You ran away from the convo when you realized how wrong you were.

You truly are a coward and liar. I dont have the source on hand but its circling everywhere. The innocent civilians were on their own porch, rightfully even with new curfew restrictions. They were not a part of protests or didnt heckle the national gaurd. All they did was stand outside their door and record a large number of heavily armed guards walking down their neighborhood. Nothing was illegal, nothing threatened the national gaurd safety. They fired unprovoked You're saying it wasn't accidental but that's an opinion. I haven’t heard about the national guard firing on innocent citizens source? Right because of how dangerously divided we as a country already are. But at the end of the day, The Constitution starts with “We the people”, not “we the guys over here...and maybe some fellas over there”. The country was not meant to be this divided. We were built on debate and that debate helped us progress as a country. We need to find a way to rebuild a walkable isle, instead of existing in a no-mans land where time stops. Exactly. There so few people that don’t have double standards for everything. Not sure if you saw the video but it was a brutal murder. I'd rather be shot or burned alive than killed the way he was. And no one was charged. 

The can't cops even respect a protest after all that. They are teargassing American citizens and driving SUV's through crowds of people. That's some middle east terrorist shit..

It's pretty well documented that we have some of the worst policing worldwide. You're correct. I point out a flaw in their argument and instantly get accused of being CCP, which they call CPP repeatedly. And obviously isnt reading the very link they posted. I guess dont bother feeding this troll. Those extreme leftists trying to just cause pure chaos is a shame. They are traitors to the country. Damn dude you really wrote a 10 page essay on why it’s George Floyd’s fault for being too sick to survive police brutality Because you’re clearly reading these comments too fast or are illiterate here’s the part I think you’re referring too

* If I am exempt from the Executive Order, do I need to comply with law enforcement’s instructions?
Yes. Even if you are exempt from the Executive Order (see response above for listing of people exempt), if a law enforcement officer or other public safety personnel gives you instruction, you must comply.*

Tell me if there’s another part I am missing, otherwise you’re just quoting out of context which in my booking is calling lying. There are some, but there’s a whole lot of officers in the videos I’ve been seeing sitting around watching their coworkers shoot innocent bystanders, assault protesters, and use excessive force. The issue isn’t just the few bad apples that actively do those things, it’s the huge groups of coworkers that DO NOTHING when they see their coworkers abusing their power. THATS THE POINT. that’s true, but a lot do Answer my question.

Is it from the part of the FAQ that specifically refers to those who are exempt and allowed to move freely?  If the answer is the yes, then I didn’t miss anything, you’re just being dumb.

The CPP comment wasn’t accusing you of being CPP, it’s accusing you of acting like fans of the CPP.  You went to the website to prove me wrong, read something you thought agreed with you while ignoring context which proves me right.

You’re too busy supporting cops to see the truth.  That’s what me saying CPP refers to. Looting and rioting is obviously not the right thing to do, but it does bring attention to the situation and makes the government want to actually do something about the injustices that are happening in the world right now. Also - all gun owners are violent criminals, but also only cops should have guns.



The level of mental gymnastics do these people should qualify for gold every time at the olympics. rioters/looters absolutely were not exercising social distancing and destroying small businesses who were already suffering financially. Totally could be China as well. Both are protesting an over reaching government. You missed something. That is from the FAQ. Accusing me of being CCP without actually reading what you yourself posted isn't a great look. And, I have seen literally no one defend Chauvin, or the police that murdered Breona. As a matter of fact I have been telling people to look up Tony Timpa as more results of police who need to be put on trial. However if a cop does something that has context and people instead point fingers or get riled up, I'm going to call it out. Case in point my comment from earlier on here even had me arguing initially for the homeowner and against the police. The riots are happening in liberal cities because those people are the only ones who care enough to actually do something >this truly isn’t just for black people

Then many people have different versions of truth and their own goals. Every white woman I know is posting about reading "White Fragility" and every black person I know certainly thinks this is a "just for black people" thing. Every framed national conversation says this, too. Every speech says this. Actions speak more than words [this was my feed just now. ](https://ibb.co/ZY4CHfy) I live in Utah, and a conservative Mormon came to the protest with a hunting bow and a machete screaming "all lives matter" as he pointed the bow towards the crowds. 

He doesn't represent conservatives, and I don't think the looters represent liberals. They are their own class, together, and both sides of the isle need to be united againsted them. 

This is a time to unity. Because race gets clicks and views. If the story was just "bad cop kills man" it would have half the activity. The media is willing to tear the country apart and cause outright civil war for views and clicks. Please tell me you’re not taking that from the exempt section?  Because that part clearly is referring to individuals who are allowed to leave their property but maybe encounter officers after 8 pm out and about.  Those individuals must comply with instructions.

It very nearly does not mean if you’re legally acting on your own property any officer can order you around.

Again please tell I missed something because otherwise I’m concerned by how much effort you’re going to, to defend these cops.

That’s CPP levels right there. 
> On another note, there are millions & millions of police interactions a year in this country, and the good interactions by far outweigh the bad.

**Here's the thing;** "The Bad" is REALLY BAD, it's literally the worst. Like so Bad it's caused nationwide riots, during a global pandemic yet serious enough to STILL be supported by countries all across the world. There's Justice for George marches outside America too. Btw

**Things are not as simple as your summary would suggest and here's why;**

 By your logic, you could argue leniency for a paedophile simply because they've abused a small number of children compared to the many they have interacted with. BUT obviously, that's not how justice works.

The issue being protested must never happen, EVER, since the protection and presentation of innocence is the trust that keeps society civil. That trust should never be breached, otherwise, we descend into anarchy. 

Law enforcement likes saying *"it's just a few bad apples"* yet that phrase its entirety is "a few bad apples spoil the bunch". It's a call for discipline and accountability instead of an excuse for lack of it.

If an airline said, "our pilots only crush a few flights". It wouldn't inspire faith or support let alone absolve them from being held accountable. The problem is people want the cop prosecuted and right now it’s only a 3rd degree murder charge which is pretty nuts considering the death was definitely not accidental. It’s about holding everyone accountable whether you are a cop or not. Too often cops get away with crimes. Proper justice would at least be a 2nd degree charge Dave Marcus points out eloquently the psychological manipulation and misinformation that sadly, both right and left wing, media engage in. What motivates this is anyone’s guess, but the whole truth is seldom if ever told. Sometimes totally false narratives are disseminated to cover the real story behind the story. Is it any wonder “Fake News” is part of vernacular For the record it was not me . Knowledge is power . Folks as bad as it looks, please read the direct quote from the Curfew page and realize they are within their right as officers to do what they did.

Can I be outside my house (on my property) after 8 p.m. and before 6 a.m.?

Yes. You can be on your porch, yard, patio, etc., but if a law enforcement officer or other public safety official asks you to go inside, or take any other action, you must follow the instruction. It's like leaving an abusive spouse, they get way more violent and mad when you're trying to leave. Can I be outside my house (on my property) after 8 p.m. and before 6 a.m.?

Yes. You can be on your porch, yard, patio, etc., but if a law enforcement officer or other public safety official asks you to go inside, or take any other action, you must follow the instruction.



Taken right from that link. The 2nd amendments purpose was to quickly assemble armies in case the British invaded again. The continental army had disbanded after the revolutionary war, the US had no standing army. I'm all about gun rights I just think we should make arguments based on their merit within a modern context, just like our founding fathers did. Someone has a few links lower down I believe. Okay, although I disagree, I see what you’re saying now, thanks for your answers :) Respectfully, I think we’re past George floyd at this point. NYC police ramming crowds and national guard 20 guy patrols shooting up peaceful suburban streets with non-lethals. It’s the people that vote for Democrats generally liberal and very lien-ant toward criminals so they feel emboldened . This is a fantastic post and well said! Yea and there are literally hundreds of thousands of officers that hold up that duty. **THATS THE POINT** Attack probably means, "said mean things" too lol So you don’t think it’s a Democrat/Republican thing but just if the population who lives in these areas are willing to riot or not Yes but there is a large group that constantly says this acab and a lot of the “protesters” are currently smashing cops windows and burning police stations so I think they don’t like cops innocent cops who did nothing bad to George flyod btw “I saw it happen. Therefore I am right.” 

I’ll tell you what I’ve seen. I watched a middle aged woman in Rochester get punched and beaten with wooden planks by black rioters. While her husband, who was getting beaten himself” was screaming “stop hurting my wife.” All of this because they tried to stop them from destroying their business. 

If the races were reversed, it would be the most upvoted/gilded post on Reddit. I want justice for George Floyd. But I want justice for that couple too. Well one of the problems is that the extremists are used by those who seem less extreme but also seem to support the extreme. 

You have media that has been helping confuse us and using a lot of tactics to do so. I mean your point here is true, far left and far right both suck and we are better without them. But the way you talk (and I don't mean you intend this), you are making it seem like the problems are equal.

Across the country we have violent protests that were started peacefully by well meaning BLM folks and their supporters, all of which had the praise of the media despite many BLM folks blocking traffic and not letting ambulances through. Also, from early on, BLM protests seemed to actively invite all kinds of people, like homeless folks and just random folks from the neighborhood who may or may not actually know what BLM stands for. I tend to think this is partly intentional, but I can't be certain. But what happens is that by inviting all these random folks, when the protests turn bad, they always have an easy out. BLM has always avowed a complete restructuring not just of police, but of society. That is what their founders want. They don't just want some better police practices. Yet that is always how they present themselves. And fine, protest for a complete restructuring of society, but at least be honest about it, otherwise you are confusing your own message, you are making some people think you are only about black rights so they jump on board, and then they get enraged when some of us are like "ummm, yeah, BLM is a crazy far left group that want's a complete restructuring of society. We don't support that." So then the media smears us as being against Black lives, or they say we are skewing their message. But their message is deceptive. They literally want to completely restructure society.

So Antifa sees this poorly managed group and this strange marketing of their group. They know that most conservative, right leaning types are going to not be interested, they know that BLM does not have a strong, unifying message despite kind of seeming to superficially. And so Antifa EASILY makes a mess of it.

Both of these groups are far left. Both of these groups capitalized on the protests and helped organize the protests against Trump during that election. Those were protests that turned riotous as well. Those happened ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. Every major city had protests and almost all of those protests turn violent or led to vandalism and destruction.

But a couple far-right assholes put on a protest with a legal permit that then gets invaded by far left anti-protesters in a city that managed the permits for those protests so bad that it put them almost on top of each other, tensions flare and a deranged far right dude runs someone over... suddenly that is as bad as literal riots all over the country 2 times is the last 4 years?

Yet the media framed all of these stories to make it to their left leaning viewers that far-right extremism is on the rise.

Here's the other thing, they all deliberately confuse what far-right and far-left mean. There is the European left and right and there is the American left and right. The Europeans mainly agree on size and scope of government. Their left and right focuses very much on identity politics. Do you believe in keep your country's heritage or do you believe in multiculturalism? That's the question. The Right believes in maintaining their heritage and identity with traditions and laws an customs, while the left believes in changing customs and traditions and being more open to changing their identity and not worrying about holding to heritage as much. Both views are okay, you can have a Germany that both holds on tight to their lederhosen and sausage while also welcoming Asians and Africans and such. I think it would be great to see Black Germans wearing lederhosen and enjoying German beer. And the left view is fine, too. Some tradition isn't important, bringing some multicultural influence in is a good thing, you know? But the extreme right leads to ONLY allowing actual genetic Germans in and getting rid of everyone else. The extreme left leads to the abolition of all cultural norms and a complete disregard for religion and only recognizes a change towards equity for all, which then devolves into a two class system of a ruling elite with everyone else (of all races) fighting for what's left.

It is not political ideology that actually ties the use of "right" and "left" between American politics and European politics. It is simply seating arrangements. There are some rather superficial similarities between the traditional American Right and the European Right, both groups want to preserve something. The American Right wants to preserve our Constitution and the adherence to small government. While the European right mainly differs from the European left in that it has no problem with big government but it wants to preserve a cultural identity as it increases government. European right does become fascist in the extreme. But the American right wants to preserve small government and the rule of the Constitution. If you take that to an extreme, you just get an extremely small government that barely does the only jobs the Constitution said it would, which is protect us from enemies and to preserve our natural rights. You don't actually achieve fascism if you take the American right to an extreme.

But you get these neo-Nazi types who are on the European right and they kinda sidle up to use American Right folks because we have one similar goal though it isn't even the same. The American Right wants to preserve the Constitution, which sometimes means we have to say certain cultural practices do not work here. For instance, to preserve rights for all, we can't have Sharia law work here because various practices in Sharia law infringe on rights we hold dear, like a trial by peers and only having laws that elected officials wrote. Sharia law has it's own laws and own judicial system, so it simply isn't compatible. Yet is also an aspect of Muslim culture. So we have to say no to that culture. The right also tends to believe in individualism, so we see that folks who come and don't even try to learn English end up hurting themselves and it makes society less cohesive. Many Founding Fathers spoke many languages, but they operated publicly and officially in English. That feels kind of like we are trying to preserve a cultural identity, when in truth it is about preserving law and societal cohesion. The neo-Nazi types agree with everyone speaking English and not allowing Sharia law not for cohesion or compatibility with our laws (though that may be loosely a part of their argument), primarily they want to preserve whiteness and white culture.

That again is an identity issue, that is a European Right issue, not an American Right issue. None of this means that The European Left or Right, or the American Left are bad at their core, it simply means that of all of these groups, there is one that is categorically different than the rest, and that is the American Right Conservative/Libertarian types. The other three groups can all be taken to an extreme that leads to horrible dictatorships and oppression. Our views can only lead to a weak central government, which will almost immediately be remedied when people get to lawless. There was very little Government in the Old West, yeah, there was some bad stuff in the Old West, but it didn't become a dictatorship, it is actually a sort of case study of what extreme conservatism or libertarianism would lead to. All that happened was the local governments amassed more power as they needed to protect people and maintain the law. That is it.

So the media has confused everything from the beginning of this.

Many in media are smart enough to understand this but willfully ignore it and do not spread it. These protestors are Patriots fighting against government tyranny. This is a hard one . Democrats in general are more left leaning and more crime forgiving . So based on that a republican city is less likely to have a riot because The people that live there would not consider rioting it’s just not in our DNA . This. I don’t get why people can’t see the difference. Karens were out in full force for barbershops and nail salons. These people are out to protest against something far more important. The riots are bad. The protests are good. Everything is awful if corona is as bad as everyone says Always some anecdote that can’t be proven in order to offer a retort. That’s basically reddit in a nutshell. I’m happy that some are peaceful and now it’s the people vs the state that’s what needs to happen They didn't do that, but I did watch them forst hand attack peaceful protestors in my home town soooooo. Man I hate communists, I mean the only good thing communism has have us were the fallout games. Bullshit. MAGA folks don’t destroy businesses and spray paint messages saying “take out cops” everywhere. I’m getting tired of all of these liars on Reddit. So because there’s riots in typically democratic cities it’s because the people who live there don’t fear consequences of rioting? 

I know I’m asking for a lot but is there a republican leaning city you can reference where arrested rioters are prosecuted more harshly? I thought people are able to riot it’s easier to avoid arrest when you’re part of a mob. 

Still just genuinely trying to understand why it’s a partisan thing. “Another civil war” who would tag even be against? Just, all of America versus the protesters? Yes I do think it is policy . Republicans and myself self included tend to be more aggressive with regards to criminals. Democrats are more passive and cowardly in general. Oh they totally are violating social distancing rules. Which might bite us in the ass, as cases may shoot up again like the 1918 Spanish flu. I think with the pandemic you have people who just want to go back to work and accept the risks and then you have people who just want the virus to go away via social distancing etc. Realistically neither side has any control over the virus, so we’re all just bickering over what guidelines are right or wrong yet both sides are for the better. 🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑 Yes I agree police have a higher obligation to step up when things aren't right, because they have the power to do so. I also agree because of the higher authority they should be held to higher standards. On another note, there are millions and millions of police interactions a year in this country, and the good interactions by far out weigh the bad. Not in the real world. Only in clown world Idk that’s why I’m asking, do you think it’s policy? Or what exactly do you think democrats are doing that are facilitating rioting? Crazy world we live in. Watching this, it reminds me I need to get a conceal carry permit. No, this why you need a Police Service and not a Police Mafia. The US is so far behind in most aspects of a civilised nation. I realise you are a young nation, but you need to grow up. There have been plenty of protests where the protestors did not go inside a government building. So what is it now? Are we not still in a pandemic? Are these people not violating social distancing guidelines just the same? Some thoughts are best left unsaid in your head... This is the spoiled brat generation that has no idea how good they have it. They will ruin our country if they can, just because they’re convinced it is evil. It’s because of what they are protesting.  Coronavirus protesters are mostly privileged and they are protesting valid measures that are meant to protect their community because they are impatient.  George Floyd protestors are protesting the on going institutional murder of African American people at the hands of a broken system.  No one thinks the rioters are brave. I appreciate everyone here having a respectful and knowledgable debate, instead of just throwing around profanities and name calling. We don't all have to agree on everything but we can still respect each other🙌 So a few protestors, in one state, in one city, so not all protestors but rather a very small portion. Idk ACAB is spray painted everywhere in Louisville It fits the template for civil unrest which is always exploited by Marxists(Antifa) and racists(BLM) to create anarchy and try to destabilize the American Government. 



The Dems always treated these two groups like unwieldy allies, but maybe they’re starting to realize that these two anti-American groups hate them as much as the Republicans and have only been using them to build their power base. I understand the autopsy report, but heart disease does not cause asphyxiation, especially in the presence of a public protector, who might I remind you, take medical classes for their profession since they are normally the first responders. 

Not all cops are bad, but like the far-right gives all Republicans a bad rep so do the bad cops to the good ones. The good cops can’t just stand around twiddling their thumbs while this happens just like Republicans can’t. We’re simply better than that. 

My main issue with all that you wrote while I of course can totally agree with some is your fixation on BLM, Antifa, Right, Left. You are grouping all of these parties. Being Right does not make you a Nazi, being left does not make you Antifa.

For the part I agree with: 

I do not condone this violence whatsoever. I do not condone the looting. I do not condone threats to cops. I do not condone the burning of police precincts. I do however believe we need to have a conversation about police practices. This is a better way of saying it. 

There is still systematic racism in the world, even those who are far-Left and Far-Right would agree to that. Redlining is a huge part of systematic racism which definitely relates back to history, meaning there is blatant evidence of it. Till this day redlining keeps certain races in impoverish areas, as they were designed to do in the past. What happens is gangs, or people looking to benefit from these impoverish areas create mayhem. They turn these families into fight or flight. The news picks up this mayhem, and white people see it, causing them to inherently fear those of that impoverish area, race, looks, etc. so when someone who is in that impoverish area decides they want to make their life better, they try to leave, they go to a school they can afford to get a degree in hoping to leave the McDonalds they’ve been pulling double shifts at to support themselves. When they have their degree...they apply to all sorts of jobs in their field and because of our implicit biases from what we see on tv, the black person wishing to make better of themselves is beat out by a white person or. Or called back at all. Back to the impoverish area they go. 

You’re right however we shouldn’t be focusing on the past we have to be able to move forward. 

But how will you move forward if all you have are enemy’s? Just mow them all down? Somehow make them all simply agree with you? That not how America was made and not how freedom came to be. 

Let me also say that I truly respect what you typed up there. A lot of thought, research and time went into that. That being said this is what America needs to gain back...respectful debate. 

And just know, though we may have differing views I don’t fault you for anything. This HAS to end careers, right? Every Major City  With riots with the exception to Maybe one all have a Democratic Mayor .
You tell me is that coincidence ? CCP approved. You can’t destroy a Democracy by being impartial. We seem to have an issue in this country,  where our leaders are of a lesser caliper than their constituents. Federal, state, and local. The protestors do not believe all cops are bad, rather they want to good cops to weed out the bad. They know most cops aren't bad. This is kind of a strawman that you're making here. Clearly not all protesters think ALL cops are bad, and we've seen clear evidence of that. Sadly, the Media and Left only want us to see skin deep. “Trump Tower’s a building I would like to see get burned down.”

“Yes, that or the Stock Exchange”

I really don’t get the hate against the stock market. Do they realize literally anyone can download Robinhood and make money off of it? You don’t need a special 1% password to start trading Should honestly see the message of blm before making false generalizations. At least it was pleasant to see CNN headquarters burn!!! Bernie going to jail for funding ANTIFA. I do wonder if Dems are facing a shalacking this year. Several special elections where they should have won they lost. Hope people are waking up. This made me laugh. Except that protesters are regular citizens who may not have the authority, training, or physical ability to stop violent actors around them. 

Police officers do have the authority, training, physical ability, and even gear to stop violence, so when they fail to stop other officers who are acting with violence or corruption it is fair to paint them with the same brush. I agree with this. I’m sure I’ll get torched for saying this but I think it’s ironic how BLM groups (mostly consisting of blacks obviously) claim the US has this stereotype on blacks that they’re known to be criminals and dangerous, but yet they’re the ones out on the streets rioting and stealing shit. What does this say about yourself? What does this say about your race? What EXAMPLE are you showing to America on behalf of your race? I’m not saying all BLM protestors are like this obviously, it’s just something we’ve seen in recent years. Not surprised. Incorrect, the autopsy shows that Floyd didn't choke to death, nor did he have any spinal injury. The cause of death was his heart disease which was exacerbated by the stress response to being arrested and detained. So the cop indirectly caused the death of Floyd because of the mental and physical stress on his system. At least some of which was Floyd's own fault because he committed a crime and the cops rightfully detained him. The problem was how they detained him. So one must wonder, would Floyd have died is a good cop detained him? It's possible. Being arrested is stressful even if there is little to no force. My heart certainly beats harder when I'm just pulled over. If I knew I committed a crime and was being arrested, I would be even more stressed.

There is a weird thing people of your leaning do, and I respect your view however you soften the blame. You say:

>While I do not condone this violence, I do see that there needs to be an overhaul of our police force

So your condoning of this violence has a contingency, meaning that you don't condone it except that you kind of understand it due to police practices. Why don't you say "I do not condone this violence whatsoever. I do not condone the looting. I do not condone threats to cops. I do not condone the burning of police precincts. I do however believe we need to have a conversation about police practices."

I want to show you some videos of a handful of protesters from Rochester, NY. These young men were apparently leaving the protests and started breaking windows, then a young woman comes out to confront them. [Watch[(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLcTpHRQEik) what happens. Now, I won't say that these thugs are actually members of BLM, and I'm sure that many members of BLM are horrified that people coming to their protests would then do this.

The right can support BLM when they protest, and we do to some degree. We support their freedom of speech, but even the best meaning ones are willing to block traffic and stop ambulances from getting through. They've stopped firetrucks, too. And while there are clearly Antifa thugs that come to these things, there are also people invited along by BLM who throw bottles at police. And the thing is, the police look the other way. Normally, a bottle thrown is instant crack down of the protest.

[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uqOM94RJVc) is a video of a store being looted. The owner is Muslim. As you watch the video, at about the 5 minute mark, the looting slows down. Most of the looters didn't give a shit about the guy's race. But then a bit later you hear some of these looters apologize because they only meant to loot from white owned stores. Now clearly there was a plan to this, clearly they wanted to loot but only from white people. Whose plan was that? Antifa? BLM? A mix of both? Was it neither group, just a bunch of people acting on their own? Does it matter?

Where BLM goes there is at least disruption, there is at least vile rhetoric about cops being pigs and being better off dead. OR there is violence. Whether they wish for that to happen or not, you can't blame Antifa for all of that. So at best, these BLM protests are mismanaged, poorly expressed, and not diligent enough in stopping the bad behaviors that some people bring to their protests. At worst, they have a a public motive and a secret motive. The public motive being to appear to just be protesting, the secret motive being chaos. Considering the founder wants the system to be completely overturned, I tend to think they may have dual motives.

Anyway, so these protesters are willing destroy the lives of anyone, trampling over the rights of anyone because 1 person's rights were not observed perfectly.

[Here is a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aY0mWQO9Wt8) of a store owner in Rochester NY who is not white and got ransacked. He knows that people he knows and has done business with were involved in ransacking his store.

[Here is another video](https://www.facebook.com/renelle.fico/videos/10219085475021357/) from a store owner in Rochester, NY. There is a moment when her son, around 16 or 17 years old maybe, who comes out from the back of the store with a stunned and sad look on his face that is just heartbreaking.

If cops need to do a better job of ensuring all cops are following the law and all protocols, then these people who are so upset with them (and I don't mean all black people at all, I mean those who say all cops are bad and all white people are racist and cold) need to start showing their respect for the rights of others. They need to respect those that are trying to help them. They need to stop ignoring all the money we spend trying to help. They need to stop ignoring how many of us have done our part to help. I tutored young black and Hispanic people for several months because New York City couldn't get their schools to perform.

And unfortunately, these people need to admit that some of these problems, no one can fix but them. Schools can be improved in many ways, but if parents don't get their acts together and actually make their kid do their homework at home, then there is little a teacher can do, there is little a school can do. A computer and internet access for all won't do shit. Yet we are willing to spend that money on these schools and we do! So many act like that is meaningless.

That is by far the biggest thing standing in their way. It isn't a few bad cops. It isn't history. It isn't systemic racism. It is them getting in their own way. We are all here working with people of all walks of life so long as they are respectful and work hard. I work with black people, white people, Hispanic people, Asian people, I've worked with Native Americans. I've worked with Jamaicans. I've worked with people in the LGBT community. I've worked with young people and old people. I haven't had a problem with any of them based on who they are. I will work with ANYONE if they are willing to work hard and can either do the job or are willing to learn to do the job.

The issue is not us stopping them. The issue is that no one seems to be willing to do the hard work and achieve a better life. So they point to schools, they point to cops, they point to access to food, they point to privilege. You know, I know people who struggled to succeed and lived on nothing but Ramen noodles and dollar menu food at McDonalds for a while. They eventually succeeded. So the food argument is not a good excuse, yeah, it makes things a little hard, but it is not an excuse not to even try. I know people of many races who attended incredibly shitty schools. Could they have benefited from a better school? Sure, but they pushed and succeeded anyway. I know people who came from a background with very little privilege, they were poor, they were children of severely mentally ill parents, they had to raise themselves because mom was in a mental hospital and dad was drunk at a bar most nights. They didn't have the privilege of learning good social skills from their parents, they didn't have the privilege of a mom who made them lunch or a dad who went grocery shopping regularly. Yet they pushed, and succeeded. They didn't use it as an excuse.

The hard truth is that people need to push. Society can't do it all for them. That is what BLM wants, and Antifa seizes on the weakness of their terrible goals and they sow discord and anarchy. Both of whom hide behind superficial goals that seem good, but both groups have underlying goals that do not help anyone. They’re now considered terrorists so time for some target practice. It’s way too early for your anarchist shit If this is true, then judging from the videos, there are going to be a lot of young white people who ruined their future lives by donning blackface before looting stores. It truest doesn’t what so ever, it actually goes against everything A1 stood for. I do think there’s Far-Left groups and Far-Right groups participating in these actions. They are turning our country into a tinder box. We barley have politics now, all we have is us v. them (dems v. Reps)...and that mentality walks us directly into a wall. The Far-aRight and their actions give Republicans a bad image and we are not them. The far Left does the same for the Dems. 


Keep in mind America was created on debate and currently we are loosing that all together. Where there was a thin isle, soon the isle won’t exist all together and progression will come to a completely holt. The groups that will be soaking all that up are the ones (far-left and far-right) that caused it. Nothing says you hate police violence like a good riot. BLM protesters are so upset by violence in Democrat-controlled cities that they will stomp some stranger's face in for fun and laugh with glee when they see that their victim is crippled. Could you explain to me why you think democrats are to blame for the unrest in the US right now? I’m genuinely asking because police brutality seems like something everybody would be upset about Democrat daughter who was raised by Democrat parents in a Democrat city in a Democrat state decided Democrats are so bad she has to destroy the Democrat system, by rioting and looting and burning down businesses and then voting for more Democrats. Riots are not the price for liberalism. Riots are the price for letting anyone abuse any power for too long. Here is an answer to consider....the whining toddle of a president incited violence for days after police murdered a black man and then hid in his safe space like a snowflake...maybe that's what caused violence?  You know the whole we have a problem and the person who should give a shit sided with the oppressors.

Fuck Republicanism if this is what is stands for....I will take my ban now *shows you the door* Reason has gone to the far-left and the far-right. We don’t think about anything else. That a big problem to me, we were better off without either of them. This platform has a lot of potential but it’s just becoming so boring. Everything you see are 13 y.olds doing tiktok bad memes and pretending to be marxists in r/politics How does looting and burning business help this cause? I don't understand why everyone is making this about race. Was that cop a known racist? No. Did he have a lot of complaints already? Yes. He was just a douche bag cop that went too far this time in his bullying. Acting out of emotion and not logic is dangerous, as we're seeing now. No one is blaming " white supremacists" for the rioting, but thats seemingly what you want to hear and just shows how fragile and insecure you republicans are. Shame on you poor snowflakes Lighting doesn’t strike any 3 people or any race in a month. So that isn’t how static’s work lol. Remember when that Somali cop killed a white woman wearing pajamas in Minneapolis? The riots, looting and burning went on for days and nothing but Republicans got elected for years...

/s

Soooo, bad cops exist, shit happens and you are being used if you think it is about a couple black guys getting a raw deal. Every day a couple people from many different races get treated wrongly by bad cops. But that is how statistics works... BLM is a foreign funded insurgency. The BLM goons are out there to sow the seeds of discontent and gin up race hatred. If they were protesting hoping to make the world peaceful, they would not be advocating for vandals and looters and rioters.

A serial killer spends most of his time not stacking bodies, but no one cares about his downtime. People only care that there are bodies left over when the killer goes to work. BLM doesn't loot or rob or riot or burn business all the time. Sometimes they are too busy dragging people out of their cars and lynching them in the street. Every republican ive talked to was an idiot. All republicans are idiots 🖕 It was a full quote until they changed the text on the website in response to people getting upset about this video. See this archive of the website from only 1 day ago: https://web.archive.org/web/20200531053910/https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Pages/faq.aspx Doing what is right is all the reward you need... First link is a drive by murder. Hardy a good look That first link is a drive by shooting. Hardly the same as protecting your home I mean, yes to what you’re saying but I feel this was more than Rodney King. The reason I say that is because Rodney King lived, George Floyd was handcuffed and choked to death face down in the pavement. Not to mention Floyd was 1/3 instances were a black American was randomly killed either by cops or former cops, one instance being the EMT who was gunned down in her home by cops. While I do not condone this violence, I do see that there needs to be an overhaul of our police force and those in charge for all Americans future. I mean yes to this post but our President also decided to throw fuel on this fire and then proceed to do literally nothing. FBI tip sent thank you. let’s be honest here, were Republicans, it’s probably both Far-left and Far-right trying to create a loop on mayhem within our politics. I wish the far-left would just fuck off and I wish the Far-right would stick to their own goddamn party and stop piggybacking ours. It’s nonsensical to label an entire direction as hysterical and violent. Don’t get me wrong they’re definitely there but in reality they’re on both sides. You just have to see that and not fall into their loop. No, a few weeks ago white and black armed protesters went inside a capital building to protest the reopening of their state during the pandemic. That gained controversy because A) they went into a government building with guns and B) it was during a pandemic. So naturally you had pissed off people but that was expected. They aren't entirely wrong, but your point is certainly spot on.

There are clearly actors that are not part of the group instigating violence. It seems antifa is indeed acting within these protests. However, BLM is not quite the calm and peaceful protest group they claim to be and they are certainly not all about racial equality. When your group blocks traffic and chants that the only good cop is a dead cop, then yeah, your group might kind of suck. Or if you say "no justice, no peace" meanwhile the person you are angry with is facing justice and being held on $500,000 bail while awaiting a trial for murder, then maybe you are protesting for a silly reason. Maybe nationwide protests aren't necessary. This wasn't Rodney King with cops blatantly beating a guy up. This was a dumb ass cop who was not following protocol. **All** posts on late stage capitalism have 95\~99% upvotes they surely have upvote bots of some sort, so downvoting doesn't change much really. There are some with literally 100% upvotes, hundreds of votes and zero comments. This is a prime example as to why we can’t just point fingers...we have to find the actual culprits whether it’s Antifa or Far-right. We can’t fall into their loop. I mean...3+ black people where killed by cops in a month, one of which was an EMT sleeping in her home. Sooo not too sure on those stats. I agree, this was like something out of The Watchmen. The virus forced people into their homes, gave them masks, took their job and this police brutality was that spark. I wish we ha does this virus better. Republicans are a domestic terrorist group. What a boomer meme tbh Your definitely not wrong, but I wouldn’t say all that loud. Our Republican president of ours took away funding from NASA and went to the SpaceX launch. Claims he for A2 when the cops have now shown differently. What people have to realize is both the far-left and Far-right are throwing us into a us against them loop....the end result is that we accomplish nothing while both groups grow in numbers. It’s take over a country 101. The democrats have been playing footsie with the far left too long. I know several who justify the riots since “historically it’s an effective way to move your  message.”

I’m from Minnesota. If you look up “umbrella man”, the guy who broke into the autozone, he looked like either antifa or black bloc (all black, gas mask, umbrella, hammer). [https://preview.redd.it/zolo3rd1dw151.png?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=65d686061229cfcb3d1bb2d377e87e70338b1c6b](https://preview.redd.it/zolo3rd1dw151.png?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=65d686061229cfcb3d1bb2d377e87e70338b1c6b),

&#x200B;

this says it all *rioters. It’s time to only refer to the protesters as the exception to the rule they are. 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9781 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8548 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**



---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9781 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8547 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**

**...**

**248417.** `u/FrontLineFox20` at **1 nice**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Nice Nice In blue cities. Dallas ain’t exactly red. It does nothing lol Please don’t put yourself in their endless/mindless loop. We’re not for centralized government, which both the far-left and the Far-right are. Be an American/Republican not a follower. I think it’s more of the fact that within a month, 3 black people were gunned down, one of which was a EMT in her home sleeping. Then top it off with George Floyd being handcuffed, shackled and then choked to death on camera. 

Keep in mind there are black and white protesters out there...this truly isn’t just for black people this will effect every American in this country no matter which way you swing. Don’t be swayed by the Far-left and far-right turning this into something that it shouldn’t be nor is. Isn't it obvious that the idea is that  white supremacists would riot to descredit the peaceful protest? Im not saying that is 100% what happened but its just that the idea is so 100% obvious, i dont know how you could miss it? you and all the people who upvoted you While statistically black men are more likely to be hit by lightning than killed by cops, getting hit by lightning does not re-elect Democrats nor does it cause the looting and/or burning of businesses generally... Many people do work, I'm saying most don't. Yes it is in fact racist to suggest that whites work and minorities don't. The lazy minority stereotype has been used for decades to hurt people. of course they are.  they work for biden, the biggest fish in that pond. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Party_divisions_of_United_States_Congresses

If you look at the trends, democrats have controlled the country for incredibly long periods of time. Now the user above I think may have conflated a few ideas, because you are half right. In 1995 began a stretch of Republican control in both congress and the senate for 12 years. Prior to that, Congress was majority Democrat since the 30's except for a couple two year periods. Since the mid 90's it have bounced back and forth a bit, though it was majority Republican for most of it.

So the idea that democrats have perpetually been in control is not that far off. But the user I think conflates that with some of the states and the democrat control of those states.

If you look at [California](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_party_strength_in_California), just before 1959 the Republicans had control almost exclusively. From 1959, Democrats had pretty much complete control of who they sent to congress and the senate, as well as the California state assembly and senate. There were a few pockets of Republican executives in the state, but they **always** presided over a Democrat controlled legislature.

If you look at [New York](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_party_strength_in_New_York) you see a similar pattern, but it was a little less obvious. It turn pretty solidly blue in almost all facets of government in the mid 1970's. There was still a lot of red until the late 90's, then aside from a George Pataki, the only bit of red is in the state senate, which has held on since then, but is waning. And the last term it was blue as well.

Illinois has been about 50/50 since around the 20's, then in 2000 it shifted entirely to blue at the state and federal level. New Jersey, aside from Chris Christie as Governor, has been entirely blue since about 2000. Maryland has been almost completely blue since the mid 1800's. Since the late 90's Washington has gone from about 50/50 to solid blue.

Anyway, our point is that these are all strongholds for Democrats, all of which have many cities in awful shape where the most unrest occurs in our country. When you look at red states, because there are red states with massive cities with unrest, if you look at the actual control in the counties where those big cities reside and the cities themselves, you see a similar pattern of Democrat control. Houston is in the middle of one of the reddest states in the Union right now, but it has had a Democrat mayor since 1982.

Texas is an especially interested case study. Texas as a state almost entirely blue at the state and federal level until you start seeing some major cracks in the early 90's and then in the mid-90's it went hard into red.

Consider this, people are fleeing California and New York, many of whom are going to Texas. So over the past 20-30 years, Blue states have declined to the point that people want to leave, be it for quality of life, living expenses, or just bad governance, and they are choosing to go to a state that became red and stayed red and has gotten stronger since it turned red. It's removed, what did it say I don’t think George Floyd’s name should be next to Antifa and terrorism. I'm sure a part of them is bots, but never underestimate human stupidity... Just look at twatter and you'll see plenty of blue checkmarks making similar statements. I mean, sorry but a very quick google shows that fears of Covid-19 havent vanished, in fact there are plenty of news sites talking about it and how the protest might make things worse.

&#x200B;

Noone is claiming that it's all the white supermacists fault, but if you dont think there are people on both sides taking advantage, well I dont know what to say By the wording ,they sound like translator bots to me.
Or at least as st an outside entity being coached on what and how to say Here's the face of someone directly in the chain of command of the cop that killed George Floyd of the Covids. Democrats created this monster. Democrat voters are the face of the monster. Now Democrat politicians say they support the Democrat arsonists burning down businesses. Many people work on weekends. People working is now racists? Good grief. Got that right my state of commie Cal is about as corrupt and lawless as they come thanks to the Democrats. I live just North of Fresno Cal a few years ago the second in command at the Fresno PD was a Black man who was arrested and charged with drug running. Fresno is a major drug distribution hub for the Mexican mafia for California. The illegal alien gangs in Fresno run rampant. When I first moved here it was common to read in the Fresno newspaper about dead burnt bodies being found in farm fields at least twice a week. So he is a terrorist then? 

Weird times we live in. Are you blind? These riots are fucking stupid and I hate that so many people (celebrities including) are egging this on and making excuses for criminal behavior. Admittedly I'm not even republican. I'm in this sub because I'm not allowed to talk about this anywhere else without getting tons of hate and accusations. You aren't allowed to talk about this PERIOD in mixed company.

Screw that. This is wrong. Protests are okay but you don't need to destroy shit or steal. And I thought my eye sight was bad. LOL You made my morning The definition of peaceful has changed quite a bit recently.

Also it’s funny that the anti lockdown protests were partially against civil unrest. Pretty sure a lot of people said forcing 25% unemployment for 3 months while releasing criminals for a disease that kills the elderly was a bad idea. Justice must be served for the cops but this wouldn’t have blown up so bad if people were working Downvote and report... Add Hope Walz Twitter and you'll understand MN He declares that he too is now a piece of criminal shit!! Says it in the title. While I think the whole protest is rather senseless, it is a shame there are those who are making this worse. BLM has had bad tactics without these instigators, they've blocked highways and ambulances and they have chanted that the only good cop is a dead cop. But despite that, having people instigate is alarming.

There have been peaceful protesters. But it's strange how many of these peaceful protesters then seem to join in. It's not all Antifa thugs burning cop cars, it's not all Antifa thugs throwing rocks, it's not all antifa thugs looting stores.

So while many of the BLM folks are attempting to be peaceful, you have to ask yourself what their tactics are and what they are even fighting for. There are many who seem to not know. They say "no justice, no peace" yet justice is working. White people are shot dead by cops just as much as black people. What are they fighting for?

Their supporters avow a systematic shut down and rebuilding , they want a complete change to the system into a communist system. But they hide it around this idea of racism. So you have all these fools who want to do their duty and help minorities, not realizing what they are even fighting for, so they have to make it up.

I talked to one guy who said "We'll be happy when cops no longer execute black people extra-judiciously for petty crimes." He kept using the term 'extra-judiciously' as if it were accurate, as if our system WANTS cops like Chauvin to take out black people. I mean call his death a murder, that's fair. But an execution? There are these logical leaps that people are making that is just not even close to reality. This is the kind of thinking that pervades BLM and all these white lefties who support them. It's insane. Where has reason gone? Civilians need to be trained too. How about you realize they are the authority for the next 30 minutes of your life.  That’s not the time for you to try to win a fight or prove a point.  They aren’t there to solve your problems.  Don’t put your hands on them move them around like your going to shoot them.  It’s simple.  Suck up your ego for a few minutes and they will be on their merry way and you won’t have to deal with them for man years later unless you’re a piece of shit liberal who has the cops coming over all the time. Stop it. Every cop I know is right wing conservatives. Until they aren’t, they will have my support. Are you surprised by leftist hypocrisy? Everything about them is hypocrisy.  They don’t care. Yep Maybe try looking being the riot shields and gas masks It's the weekend and it's at night...most people aren't working. Thought this was r/Republican not r/racists That isn’t a full quote is though. Can be outside yes, unless ordered to go indoors by an officer. 

Do I think that is a lawful order to give a citizen? No, but you need to say the full order because it shows that the people in charge don’t care about us. They gave you the illusion you could be outside, but obviously every pig is going to order you indoors. ACAB I want to see AF1 do constant flyovers of all 50 states with it. They certainly haven’t done a damn thing to stop them You certainly don't owe blacks anything. There's talk about continuing this into a revolution, and being black, I wouldn't take too kindly to being called a racist either for just wanting to be left alone. The future's going to be interesting, we're going to outnumber white people soon, and the liberals will see that they were wrong and we're pretty much the same when in the same situations. I actually am a big lefty and came here just to read what everyone on the right was saying right now and I just wanted to contribute that I agree, this is why we need guns, this is what the second amendment is for. There’s clearly an abuse of power by the state happening. Ok bye!! Xoxo If you are being told you are murdering someone while you murder someone, you are way beyond a training issue. Don't do this. Don't put your need to secure property at the same level as others need to secure life. In their eyes when you did that you're still treating people as property. How are people so blind as to how incredibly fucking provocative that is? Dumb commie Sokath, his eyes open! You are wring about the democratic control of congress.  The House maybe, but not congress. Yes. Emphasis on the plural. Do y'all really think antifa is behind all this? That's sorta insulting to me because your completely disregarding what all the madness really started from. I'm sure somewhere there are antifa members doing whatever it is that they do but they have nothing to do with this. Calling out antifa and George Soros does what when we just witnessed the murder that broke the camel's back. I'm not looking to fight with y'all. I really want to know if you really and truly beleive this is all antifa. Issues like this happen in both parties. People are just biased and see it more when it’s a group of people they don’t like. I think these riots will help flip Minnesota red. i love it ! Get inside sounds fine. Looks like ANTIFA sitting around planning. The National Guard said go back into your house. ANTIFA had a choice and they chose to disobey the authorities. These looters paid the price. Oh well. I know this will get a lot of hate but:
A, You see the situation in Minneapolis right now. The police need the situation completely under control. B, They yelled at them several times to get in the house. And C, they were using paintball guns.

I’m completely pro guns but the purpose of the 2nd amendment is not to protect against cops armed with paintball guns trying to control a riot. There is plenty of violence in red states rn Wait wait but when us while people do it to protest something we care about we’re “showing force”??? > We need rapid, real de-escalation and we need it right now. We cannot descend into the chaos of violence.

I mean.. not really. Those darn white supremacists! Ok thanks for informing me. You must be of an extremely low IQ, I am so sorry Kapernic tried peaceful protest, but that wasn’t ok either. But taping a flag to a pos 84 f150 is in redneck America What’s the weather like in Syria this time of year? Depends on usage I guess. In case of these biomass situation they mostly just make up stuff as an excuse for logging.
Trees are suddenly sick so they need to go, lanes that have had trees for 50 years are suddenly unsafe for traffic so they need to go, too many forests are bad for biodiversity so trees need to be cut to make place for dunes and meadows and so on. This is nonsense of course, since entire animal populations are dwindling as a result. A few km next to me is a literal protected forest that’s being cut down for this “biodiversity” goal, even though this area has lots of meadows. Now deer are disappearing. I think people have a right to protest against that.

Besides that people order online more and more which leads to “landscape boxing”.
This means cutting down forests so you can plop down distribution centers, sometimes right in peoples gardens so goodbye view and goodbye real estate value, which would make me protest as well.

https://insights.abnamro.nl/app/uploads/2019/03/shutterstock_440627845.jpg

https://youtu.be/CTUOEjZ0X74 I’m from where murder, thievery, and destruction, blocking EMS and assaulting Firefighters is apparently legal, so I guess we must come opposite sides of the spectrum Not sure where you’re from, but where I’m from the majority of the protesters are peaceful. A lot of the looting happened after people started leaving. No you’re right. It’s better to just give up or not even try. Maybe you can try to talk to people and see what makes them believe what they believe. Go outside and seek differences without hostility. Listen open minded, discuss without anger. Stop painting people with a giant brush. Tune out the echo chambers. If *protestors* are about to “rip shit down” i really don’t think they are *protestors*, sounds like rioters. But maybe that’s too much reality for you to handle. I'm not sure what you mean by Democrats controlled Congress? Republicans have had a majority in the house for 20 of the last 25 years, as well as a Senate majority for 16 of the last 25 years. Am I reading this wrong? Honestly asking, not being argumentative. Do they charge by the letter? Why the wording so dumb? But it is still considering public property if the government are planning to replace it with something else? I am genuinely asking a question In Kansas City, we have a liberal mayor, but he has pretty conservative views in terms of law enforcement so violence has been able to be kept to a minimum Oooo naughty naughty *double eyed wink* I think that first, order must be restored. The current and immediate violence needs to end. The riots need to end. Shooting people isn't the answer, but there is a reason why it is called "riot tactics". They work for dispelling crowds and riots.

Second, police brutality is a colorless issue. It happens to all races, and it is always wrong. We've tried to solve this issue for decades, no one likes a corrupt cop. No one really has an answer though. We can keep trying, but we will never truly be able to get rid of every bad guy.

You say I'm playing a blame game, but who did I blame? I said republicans and conservatives are blamed for racial injustice unfairly. I then made an observation that a majority of these riots are happening in strong Democrat areas. Was I blaming democrats for the manslaughter of George Floyd? No. An observation is not placing blame, in fact, I feel I can comfortably say that the reason predominately democratic areas have riots is both because of a larger black community and because democrats are, in my opinion, more susceptible to the sensationalism fueling a lot of this. is this how potus communicates when twitter bans him? I’d regard forests as public property, despite the state “owning the land rights”.
There’s gonna be a whole lot more of these cases in the near future, especially in Northwest Europe, because of increased logging for biomass fuel usages. You make out with American Governors? Pretty ironic considering that decades of right-leaning policy dragged us into this. got a youtube link to this? Yes take more cops down Sup. Im from Philly. The protesters don't give a fuck about what political group our mayor is apart of. They are pissed off and are out to rip shit down. 

Mayors across the country are walking a tight rope of trying to maintain order while not stoking racial tension more then it already is.

Why on earth are you so focused on weird political blame games?

I don't know what the fuck the answer to this situation is. Im disheartened by the fact that our president thinks shooting anyone and everyone who is out of line is the best answer.

Im wondering what your answer would be to this problem. For no other reason than to know that your at least thinking about it on a deeper level then them vs. Us. because republicans are racist! /s Excellently put. That's an odd fantasy your having there bub. 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9766 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8517 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**

**...**

**15591.** `u/TastelessSmell` at **7 nices**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Well you have to be really stupid if you try to control someone with a knee on neck. And saw like couple videos where they did that to protestors. So what you mean training wasn't an issue? Hope they had an FAA permit for that... Flying with text is FAA regulated. Well the problem is a lack of domestic talent. 

Here look at this:
[stem degree holders by state.](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/gu2vyb/oc_where_are_the_stem_folks/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) I’m not a Republican, but I agree much more with that side of the aisle as far as politics go. The kneeling to the flag is obviously offensive to many Americans because we have millions of people involved in military service, including wives, brothers and grandparents. If you have lost a loved one in battle you can’t help but be ashamed of someone kneeling at the flag. However, they have the right to do it. I support their rights, even though I don’t agree with their method. Police brutality is a problem. Government overreach is a problem. Institutional racism and targeting of blacks by police is a farce. I’m not going to go on a statistic tirade here, but the underlying issue has nothing to do with race. It has to do with civil unrest fueled by the mainstream media and those who wish to cause panic. 

Again, I LIVE here. I rode my bike with my infant daughter down the street and passed my black neighbors and their families. We waved at each other and said hello like we always do. The media is trying to force a narrative that our country is inherently racist. Sure. Go back 25 years, and you might still see prevalent racism. In the year 2020, the only thing keeping racial tension alive in the US is the media and the Democrat Party. Heck, all the major cities that have rioters are run by Democrats. Nice No no no no no, you can't enter politics where only one side is going us vs them and you go we're all in this together and come out winning. You don't. The point is either side has devolved to tribalism, and to suggest one side shouldn't be tribal when the other might as well be is telling them to die out. I’m not you idiot. I said the person who got him off was a Democrat, because she was, it was Amy klobuchar. It’s basic reading comprehension. Yes it's all because of two different political parties. Thank you clarifying, you've solved everything! If you don't know his leanings why are you claiming he's a Democrat? You can't just make shit up because it feels good to promote tribalism. Grow up. Or at least work their way up the food chain.

Apparently the feds have more than a little captured comms from nazifa. Supporting leftists are freaking out that they may get swept up in the dragnet. I don’t know his leanings, but I know that he was tried for aggressive conduct and let off without even a slap on the wrist by Amy Klobuchar. It was her work as a prosecutor that protected that idiot. While I’m not defending the shooting here, they did tell them like 20 times to go inside before firing (plus it seemed like they were using rubber bullets, no intent to kill). I can understand that they want people to go inside to stay safe when people are rioting in the streets, I don’t think that’s unreasonable considering we’ve forced people to stay in their homes over a lot less Also i call bullshit on you knowing the political views of police that you've never met. It is us vs them. The huge hotspots of these problems are all lead by democrats. The cop who killed this guy was let off by a Democrat. The people who voted in policies that destroyed these areas are democrats. 

Democrats fucked these people and build these environments that breed these situations. They’ve voted the same way for 60 years and it’s gotten them what exactly? Ok sorry about that my guy won’t happen again. This is not what this sub is for. If you post like this again, we will ban you. 

We understand the annoyance of having to build up your karma and losing it when you argue with people on r/politics. But it is not our responsibility to help you get it back when you could do the responsible thing and just avoid them. You don't win anyone over there anyway. stop changing the subject, i‘m not defending the vandalism and the following riots, the bigger issue is the ongoing murders by police forces nevertheless. two of the three cops that killed him are still free even. 
i‘m simply stating the fact that any type of protest, even if it‘s peaceful such as the simple act of kneeling during the anthem, is considered controversial because republicans had a problem with it and you know it too.
if protesting is considered a constitutional right, why was the president himself tweeting that he shouldn‘t be in the country/leave it just because he did that? why isn‘t the president defending his decision?! this is literally hypocritical behavior and it‘s a shame that not only *a few* republicans called it out but literally everyone of them. it would be nice if your party would at least follow the things they preach. What does that have to do with my comment? How many times has CNN been caught directly lying? A majority of the riots are happening in heavy liberal cities. I'll never understand why they blame Republicans and conservative for the racism when so many of these incidents happen in their own backyards. What does that have to do with my comment? Everyone on this sub needs to see this. the same thing that happens when you negotiate with the hysterical, violent left Yes exactly this. and look at a lot of superiors in the police force. putting your officers in danger to take people’s guns to further your political view. how bout you come take em yourself. democrats can not be in charge of the police force. i don’t get it. how do the people that make their officers take guns still have jobs? it’s clearly against the constitution 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9739 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8512 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**

**...**

**80040.** `u/167881` at **2 nices**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) This comment is bizarre It should say "the protesters can't get us from up here" As an outsider from Europe, you are not “watching this happening”. You are reading what you see on the internet. We LIVE here. We have black neighbors. We have Latino neighbors. We all live in peace in the majority of places. The media and swamp crawlers twist the real story of a mans wrongful death into a national emergency and call to arms. Protesting is 100% approved by constitutional right. March the streets and yell all you want. If any Republican disagrees, then they need to re-evaluate themselves. However, vandalism and robbery of innocent bystanders is chaos and criminal. Anyone that does not condemn those types of actions is abhorrent. Unfortunately, having a society requires trust. Even if we hire a person as a cop who is a good guy the moment he is hired, a good person can have a bad day, a good person can snap, a good person can go bad. But we also can't be sure everyone we hire is even a good person. So all we can do is mandate that police officers are trained more, but we can't magically make all people good. And frankly, people just need to accept that. Also, people need to accept that sometimes mistakes are made by police. We would all like them to be perfect, but they are not.

So yes, what that police officer did to George Floyd was wrong and a violation of his rights. All we can do is heighten our training efforts, and encourage more openness about cops reporting other cops to superiors when troubling behavior happens. But even with that, a bad cop can still get through. So we must be more accepting that these things happen. That doesn't mean we should let anyone get away with bad behavior and hurting others, it just means we can't stop it all without changing the system into something that doesn't even work.

I mean we could make rules that say cops are not allowed to detain criminals, maybe cops are only allowed to ask criminals to stop and come with them. But that would be ridiculous. According to the black cop who was convicted in Minneapolis as an accomplice, the rioters are paid actors. How am I supposed to “initiate change” in a community hostile to my very existence. You so don’t get it. 

You don’t live here but you have an opinion and “by God you Americans better listen.” Right? 

Tell me... what about anything you posted was supposed to be helpful? 

You don’t have to live here after this is over... you don’t have anything to lose if your “advice” is wrong... 

So... my 1st response remains true... go back to China or wherever, but quit trying to enrage people and incite further violence, it is NOT helpful It’s almost like the second amendment becomes functionally useless in the presence of actual authoritarianism. When more people own guns, cops are more on edge and their trigger fingers get itchier. They get bigger guns to intimidate and overpower. They bring tanks to armor themselves.

More guns is more violence. Remember, if you don’t support Biden, then you ain’t black! Nice Glad to know you are too weak to initiate change! There's been undercover supremacists starting things. An officer was caught starting rioting. Am I just being ignored here.? What am i supposed to do? If you all are so wise and so much experience,  please tell me what we should do. “The political beliefs of our mayor directly impact our decision to be shitty violent looters!” - said nobody in this entire country Arson and attempted murder... They better not get a pass... or probation. Intent. saying that the u.s. has fundemantal issues from it’s civil war is insulting to the u.s.? as i said, it’s weird that america has this take it or leave it mentality. instead of saying, let’s improve this country most of you are like “that’s insulting” or “leave this country if you don’t like it” to the criticism.

>	Like how does the unemployment due to Covid Lockdowns have anything to do with us as a country being bad?

every country has increased unemployment but here in western europe we took premeasures and allow people to work from home and nobody is allowed to be discharged from their work during this time just because it’s a pandemic. a friend of mine in arizona has to live in her car because she has no job because of covid rn. you have no laws to protect the poor people and it’s a joke that your patriotic people are the only people calling their country the greatest ever but don’t actually do anything to make it reality. as i said, i like the u.s. as a country normally but i dislike the current administration for the way it’s handling things as it’s fuelling old wounds of racism even more and the fact that you still have no universal healthcare is worrying and also plays into the fact that so many people have died in the u.s. during covid. 

and if i hear anyone else just trashtalking me w/ china  instead of making counter points i feel like you are the actual snowflakes.

edit: saw rn it was someone else commenting that, sorry. but the points says that quite a few people have a problem with other political ideas and it’s ironic when some republicans, who say they believe in free discussion, don’t want to participate normally without insulting out of nowhere. You can stop spreading propaganda. Even simple stuff like raising minimum wage. I'm in the UK and 16, and the amount of people my age who can't even comprehend that significantly raising minimum wage increases costs for every product and service. 

They only look at the base layer where higher wage = more money and nothing else. I'm genuinely worried for the future of the UK, seeing as everyone just coming up to voting age is a raging socialist. Stay away  from r/politics . They ALL support this type of activity over there. Unbelievable . We (Republicans) literally have no power in these areas. We can’t do anything to help them help themselves when they vote Democrat. Propaganda is effective. Dude go away Truth! busy working to pay for these fuckfaces to destroy the cities. Also no time to reproduce with other whites. Destruction of a race is happening and its not some crazy conspiracy. Blacks asians and everyone else wants to see the white man fall. Just objective fact. It's so disappointing to see you guys look at yet another issue as us vs them. Both "sides" have valid points. Both "sides" have made mistakes. You're loyal to a political party instead of your fellow humans. Feckless, idiots. I'm so disappointed in my country. Not everything has to be a political debate(although the rich and powerful are glad you're so easily distracted). If this country ever fails don't blame "the other side", blame yourself.


Edit: thank you for the gold. We are in this together, not divided. youre so right! I understand the anger and frustration over the failure of our leaders to effect change as promised.  The centers of protests that turned into chaos is in Democrat controlled cities, Democrat controlled counties and States. Biden, Schumer,  Hoyer, and Pelosi have been in Congress for over 40 yrs.  Democrats have controlled Congress for all but 4 yrs since 1932.
After 8 yrs of Obama policies and what I don't understand is how POC repeatedly vote for people that talk shit about the opposition and then dont do shit for their constituents. no actual commenting but just dismissing and not giving a fuck that i’m from austria but cHiNa, did you even bother reading my other comment? every criticism of america makes you think we say death to america or other crap.

it really makes you wonder why america is doing bad in current times. I was thinking the same thing, the far right and left should create their own parties at this point. This is why Im a republican, because we care less about politicizing & labeling. We see shit how it is. I’d like to imagine the second that a liberal reads that, they’ll order the plane to be shot down for OfFeNdInG tHeM Can’t convince you of anything because of your views on law enforcement.  Stay safe Ethiconjnj.  Sleep well and have a good week. People in these cities need to wake up 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9667 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8512 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**

**...**

**248667.** `u/Anonymous74829572010` at **1 nice**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) That second paragraph is so true. They seem to be incapable of understanding both short and long term repercussions of decisions and policies they want to enforce. Love it!! Los Angeles, California Before the last few years I would have considered myself a happy-go-lucky libertarian. Now, how anybody could give these people the time of day is beyond me. I won't even consider a candidate who even tries to meet the Democrats halfway. They are encouraging this. In your heart you want to escape but Joe “you ain’t black” Biden pulls you back in No. They were all canceled months ago to avoid corona Here is a list of pampered and protected liberals living safe in their gated communities writing with glee about how wonderful they feel when they see black ghettos burn. Journalism in the current year is a cesspit of cultural Marxist moronism. I really hope so. Where was this? Thank you! I could make out America and Governors but nothing else. ANTIFA are the white supremacists now AMERICA. LOOK AT OUR LIBERAL MAYORS & GOVERNORS = VIOLENCE I can't read it, what does it say? This could possibly be the biggest red wave in recent history in November. When you are living in such a shit hole at the moment, its really nice to look up to the sky and see this. Nice. That's all major cities there are republicans in California and new york state too just not in the cities True salt lake has a liberal mayor who actually sided with the protestors and said they should report any police officer who does something out of line. I think liberals really need to get on the same page. Couple days ago the narrative was that rioting was a just response to "wide spread police brutality". Now it is terrible and only being perpetuated by white supremacist groups. I mean it is pretty apparent that there are a lot of different races involved in the defamation of property and overt violence. Someone please tell me how any of this is helping people sympathize with the cause. Being a POC it honestly irks me that people might think I support these riots because I am a minority. And celebrities are evidently bailing these thugs out of jail. No you’re right, they’re not. Just celebrities and politicians are paying bail if they get arrested and if you don’t join in the rioting you are seen as a white supremacist. From “Europe” but death to America, Eh Comrade? News flash, go back to China I think we see that with them now not giving two shits about corona when a month ago you were an asshole for having three friends over. But suddenly it’s ok for every black person in 6 counties to congregate. The cities are or at the very least more so than the rest of the state Utah is not a dem area. The left has no principles, only propaganda and activism seeking to divide the American people. There are some democrats who are legitimately liberal, but probably 50% are simply hypocrites that cannot comprehend that you can't have your cake and eat it too. 

You can't riot ("protest") and socially distance at the same time. You can't promote affirmative action without taking someone else's job away from them. You can't have free college education. You have to make hard decisions. 

The infrastructure of society you implement will always lead to the adaptation of its support structures as a load-bearing necessity. The existence of social welfare creates welfare dependency. The existence of capitalism creates productivity dependency. The best systems will forge strength from the flames of weakness. I could almost understand them...but feelings change everyday.  So each day it is a surprise what the left will be supporting. Well said. I agree I do not get the logic of the world we live in.  

It is like a small child moving from one shiny object to the next without any thought or logic as to why besides that want to. And churches. Not only that but to also further the race war agenda. In all fairness, gathering to dispute govt tyranny is a CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT outlined by the first amendment. Ah yes, when the first sightings of roof-koreans were reported I could see a CNN reporter standing in front of that burning building calling it the result of a peaceful protest. it’s stupid to blame all these riots on them even though only ONE was confirmed as being by a supremacist group Lack of training or turning a blind eye? No, I'm pointing out that the interesting discrepancy in the first article, that you seemed to eager to jump on, may have a rather simple answer. And I gave you a second article to address that, and as it turns out, that answer would still not be "racism". Please include the kkk I can assure you opening fire on officers wouldn't help Gotta get to this later today. So you praise a study in your first post when you thought it agreed with you and now are calling it incomplete because, in actuality, it doesn't?

Just read the study.

And who said it was just about "white cops"? I didn't and neither did the paper. Why don't you just read the study? It's well done. Was covered in the Washington Times. I don't think training was an issue. Screening for homicidal tendencies, YES, should be routine, obviously missed for George.

An AR is for the people that must defend themselves. Except of course more black officers tend to police black communities, and they seem to [be much more physical on black people they're arresting](https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/2017/02/04/513218656/does-having-more-black-officers-reduce-police-violence).

So once again, this isn't a race thing, and it isn't an issue with "racist" police departments. You gotta do what it takes. /s. > I don’t like where this is going 

Agreed I’m with you here OP. People seem to forget which side they are on. Anti-authoritarianism is what this is about; not just when it’s in their favor! What in the name of fuck is this post I just got called racist because I'm sitting in my house programming instead of protesting.  "White silence is violence" lol.  Everything is racist now.  With the notable exception of beating white people to death. You didn't post the entire story. The other half agrees with what /u/543845 said:

>At the same time, the study found blacks and Hispanics were more than 50 percent more likely to experience physical interactions with police, including touching, pushing, handcuffing, drawing a weapon, and using a baton or pepper spray.

The study is [here](https://scholar.harvard.edu/fryer/publications/empirical-analysis-racial-differences-police-use-force). Here's the conclusion from the paper:

>On non-lethal uses of force, there are racial differences –sometimes quite large –in police use of force, even after accounting for a large set of controls designed to account for important contextual and behavioral factors at the time of the police-civilian interaction. Interestingly, as use of force increases from putting hands on a civilian to striking them with a baton, the overall probability of such an incident occurring decreases dramatically but the racial difference remains roughly constant. **Even when officers report civilians have been compliant and no arrest was made, blacks are 21.3 (0.04) percent more likely to endure some form of force**. Yet, **on \[officer-involved shootings\] we are unable to detect any racial differences** in either the raw data or when accounting for controls. lol No racist intent here whatsoever. 

None

None at all 

No sireee 

All is fine. Yeah. The Tea Party had not a single cup of tea stolen. They need to stop claiming to be "revolutionary", though I get the point being made. George Floyd didn't die from asphyxiation. 

https://www.heraldextra.com/news/national/officer-who-knelt-on-george-floyds-neck-charged-with-murder/article_dba4f1a0-8e4a-527f-85f1-1df42ed92d5d.amp.html You’re right, it’s not coronavirus....stupidity, however, gets spread like wildfire at Conservative protests. Stop using facts. The left hates facts and logic. Use your feelings. That’s the correct way to think. If you want change you better address the dumpster fire that is America. We need a leader Taft didn’t call people kneeling peacefully sons of bitches. There has been plenty of time to address these issues but a big part of America just wants to close their eyes. Or worse: try to demean those trying to peacefully address the issues. Then when shit goes down they pretend it isn’t because some innocent person was murdered in broad daylight. 

If you don’t want your country to burn, maybe don’t ignore the huge pile of tinder. Just remember a white supremacist shitstain set the Nashville courthouse on fire.

And he probably agrees with everything you just said. 

And then take a step back and think about who your fellow patriots are and what you really seek to protect in this great nation of ours. 

Lincoln didn’t die for this. Agreed. That and the protection of the entire Bill of Rights. It's been thrashed pretty hard these past couple of months. I hope the fbi spends a lot of time tracking these people down Peaceful protesters according to De Bozo! LMFAO You forget. The Virus doesn't like heat. That's why protestors HAD to torch buildings to act like Bunsen burners in a laboratory and burn the virus away.  Keeping protestors safe and not needing masks. You would think that these people would stop and look at what they're doing and maybe think "hey maybe I'm the bad guy" then again these people are obviously morally bankrupt so maybe not. No problem. Oh not to you sorry. Was thinking he's insulting the US. Like how does the unemployment due to Covid Lockdowns have anything to do with us as a country being bad? Lockdown the left , &open up the country to the law abiding people. Both are wrong so I side with the people who have their homes and businesses looted. from the looks of this 2A will be the biggest voter issue during the next election cycle I cringe Especially with the antifa subreddit here and coordinated rioting, with street names and approximate times. Right? Here I was worrying about dems when the cops just blindside me with all sorts of shit. In the middle paragraph of his comment where he calls the US a joke. What does the unemployment even have to do with anything? I’m just wondering where he got those numbers from. 1 in 4 unemployed? Yeah most likely turned into some hipster scene. To be fair, what about the protestors a few weeks ago who parked their cars in the middle of the road around the capital building demanding their state reopen and for the mask mandate to be dropped? Nope, because they are working. Needs a fact check, but who's going to right ? They are no longer considered protestors. They are rioters, thugs. Wasn't that implied? Bit’o both. Yes it’s just another way to divide when we should all be coming together to rebuild and reform this country and the world. This us vs them mentality is getting a bit old. I feel like we have bigger problems on our hands. Some got 50k to sell out Americans to Verizon but others did it for less than a thousand. If you Google Verizon pays republicans im sure you'll find it. Reminds me of Modern Warfare 2. "Fall back to the Burger Town !" Right, because white supremacists would TOTALLY be fighting for black rights. And hair salons Funny I don't hear the outrage that they're killing someone's grandparents by being out and this close proximity with each other. And some probably not wearing masks too.

Guess TDS has moved on from Covid-19. 5 years from now it will be prime yuppie real estate I respect the people in this sub so much more through these hard times and the serious discussions I’ve seen here They need to go after Soros What are you proposing then? We all just kill everyone that does something bad? What are actually supposed to do. for people that claim to be factual you don’t even try to actually comment your point but simply call other comments “idiotic” lol

seriously, what is wrong with my statement? your country has become the laughing stock of the entire world, it’s a shame. 100k dead, 1 in 4 unemployed, riots everywhere because you can’t stop police brutality even after decades, i was taught this would happen under socialism and not under the current administration?

what i find the most interesting about america is that your ultra patriotism goes into actual nationalism and simply the fact of calling it out is unpatriotic and unamerican. On T w i t t e r some are claiming he started it and they are defending themselves. So....11 people beating him into the concrete and then checking his pockets is considered self defense? You can google Larry Elder. I believe he has rather good grasp on both past and current situation in the black community.

As for issues in fatherless households. There's plenty of literature out there. Here's some for starters.

http://marripedia.org/effects_of_fatherless_families_on_crime_rates

http://fathers.com/statistics-and-research/the-extent-of-fatherlessness/

And you can read about War on poverty's critique on Wiki. They have a decent information there. 

https://townhall.com/columnists/thomassowell/2004/08/17/a-painful-anniversary-n1190382 And we have the first idiotic comment of the day. Here's a reward for not using your brain as an outsider from europe watching all this happening: even kaepernick peacefully protesting by simply kneeling was insulting to republicans so stop saying that looting is the problem when still two of three cops killing george floyd are still free and these shootings happen every few months. people saying they would defend peaceful protests [are liars](https://i.imgur.com/FJwKlT3.jpg). These thugs don't give a rat's ass about George Floyd. They want to vandalize, terrorize, and destroy. Nuclear weapons. Props to you trying to steer the conversation in more clear discourse. The only think I would say about this post is this.

Twitter is a tool. Hammer is a tool also. If you give hammer to a hand of a craftsman you get a shelf. If you five hammer to a hand of an idiot they are gonna break their fingers or worse hurt someone else.

A tool is not inherently good or evil, its how we use the tool what defines that. Well these riots are in democrat run areas but I also don't like the police that's been suppressing my rights for two months for the lockdowns Its FOX news. What stance do you think Fox is going to take on this? Events such as this are incredibly easy to depict in whatever narrative one desires. I would be shocked if Fox news would depict the protests/riots in a way that would not show only the worst of the protesters. 

How about showing how the protesters protected that one cop who god separated from his squad?

Lets not forget we are all people and 99% of people would not want this to be happening in the first place including the murder of George Floyd.

I respect police the same way I respect firefighters or other first responders but I can not respect racists in those forces. I don’t care what the people or government of either country thinks. Just saw that the LA covid-19 clinics are going to be closed because they can't guarantee people's safety. So let me follow the logic here. A human died needlessly at the hands of a police officer, completely horrible and tragic. This somehow justifies putting everyone in the country at risk of the virus, the senseless rioting and what promises to be a very difficult economic recovery. Marches can be very effective if you plan it out right.
Also, thank you for providing a source, but I don’t see how those arrests were bad. You are on someone else property, you get told to leave several times, and then you get arrested, makes sense. [Except it **doesn't** happen disproportionally much to black people](https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jul/11/no-racial-bias-police-shootings-study-harvard-prof/). That's just how the media have been pushing the narrative. Well who’s fault is it when the government and politicians push us back all you see is the symptoms and blame us we’ve been fighting these politicians for years and we will continue to fight for years what do you think the civil rights movement was about. You’re saying right now it’s the governments fault when you just said it was our fault seconds ago you’re now understanding my side of things. We don’t sit back and blame the government we take action into our own hands protesting peacefully and lobbying. But when we do receive help from the government at the same time it’s the same people like you who say all you guys want is a government handouts know what we want is equal opportunities and liquor stores out of our neighborhood in the war on drugs to be erased from our history. 

Edit: I’m using voice to text so Siri is not the most intelligent AI in the universe Cool, deny all you want. Your opinion really doesn't mean shit. Decades of data collection and facts are against you. Like what? Think we should have bio weapons? I agree but thats not the government’s fault. Its not yours either. It’s hard to get out of poverty When opportunities are scarce in our neighborhood win instead of grocery stores we have liquor stores filling our neighborhoods it’s hard to get out of poverty when my brother has to take care of their younger siblings instead of going to school. We don’t have Equal access to healthcare we are not provided with the jobs that provide those opportunities for that healthcare. We’re not provided with the education to get those jobs.

(edited) No. You do have equal access to healthcare. Instead of protesting and asking the government to help you why dont you work hard to get out of poverty. Its not only black people who are poor and impoverished You’re saying black on black crime why don’t we protest that. well we do ending poverty poverty is the cause of black on black crime, and fighting poverty is protesting it. Black on black crime is not a cause it is a symptom and by fighting poverty and demanding equal access to healthcare we’re treating the cars not a symptom do you understand? I really am enjoying this discussion with you and getting your perspective and trying to help you see mine I am so confused Hahah gun violence against police. My guy have you taken the time to WATCH THE VIDEO? Because black on black is a symptom that the car is the causes poverty and that all ties back to the war on drugs which Bill Clinton already apologize for but still we see scars today for. Reaganomics which still was unproven and really left black people behind black on black crime is a symptom of poverty. So we do protest when we aim to fight for less discrimination in the workplace and more opportunities for people because that in poverty which in crime so don’t say we don’t protest and don’t fight for that stuff. We aim to treat the cause not the symptom. Do you know what this people out of poverty equal access to healthcare when you’re not squander with healthcare bills because you have insurance that in cyclical property which disproportionately affects black people because black people are less likely to have insurance. Have you been looking at the current Philadelphia rioting right now?  Your people are being portrayed for exactly who they are. they are INSIDE their own property So why dont you protest black on black? 90% of black people are killed by other black people. Thats from the fbi See that’s very misleading since you all make up a higher percentage of the population so you’re behaving like the media you claim to hate by presenting a very misleading statistics yes you guys are killed more but we are killed disproportionately more. On a percentage base level. Well black and white. More white people are killed by cops then blacks are I’m just frustrated with how my people are portrayed in the media and how many people have been killed unjustly by the people who swear to serve and protect them. I really don’t understand your point and why your arguing. I agree with you the media is the problem Because this is nationwide frustration not a sporting event the frustration is much more than some drunkards hopping on a car but a riot is a right and the fact that far right and even the left media refuse to call it that when college students get together and destroy property is sickening. Just looked into it. It didn’t look that bad but they shouldn’t do that. Its nothing like what happening right now They won the world series in 2013. Let me look it up real quick It was not a celebration parade it was a riot. It happened in 2013 along with UMass students I say listen to the police orders to go inside Yes it does sicken me when cnn and msnbc defends the rioting. I agree the media is the problem Exactly! I think they are just trying to add a label to it and make it political. A rioter is a rioter, doesn’t matter who they’re affiliated with. Antifa ban is the best thing I heard today Honestly in a situation as widespread as this one is, you probably have elements from all three.  But I'd wager the majority are just angry or opportunistic youths that aren't affiliated with any group. What red sox riot? Im a red sox fan and I dont recall one? Are you talking about the celebration parade when they won the world series [Update](https://www.forbes.com/sites/sergeiklebnikov/2020/05/30/every-person-arrested-in-saint-paul-last-night-was-from-out-of-state-mayor-says/#65b58959264d) Now the next step is to infiltrate, arrest, indict, and incarcerate. Someone shut this bitch up. We’re treating it like a partisan issue rather than American issue in the way media covers your fellow black Americans that should sicken you That’s because they were but the media never called the Boston Red Sox riots riots or the Alabama university riots riots.  Matter fact if you look historically of how Fox News covers black protest and white protest you’ll see a stark contrast in the terms they use. Fox News is part of the problem. Seems like your issue is with the media. Obama called the baltimore rioters thugs too media didnt say anything. Then how come we don’t call them dogs and criminals in the media we called them young out-of-control college students but when black people do something they’re thugs and criminals doesn’t that seem like a double standard to you No need. Wait for them to come to you, be armed with more than a sword. What does there race matter? And if they committed a crime then yes There were tons of peaceful protesters in NYC, these people are not peaceful protesters. Please don’t call rioters and looters peaceful protesters. You’re insulting those who are trying to actually peacefully protest police brutality and abuse of power. If whites(or anyone) are participating violently in any riots of course they should be jailed.

Why are you a) not stating these Minneapolis thugs should be jailed and b) not attacking the first commenter for only isolating certain groups?

Or do you agree with the looting, destruction and killings? It’s why people should be allowed to own more then just a gun It’s pathetic. Pathetic dude. So do you think we should jail and convict The white college students that participated in the University  ‘Bama football game right So what do you think about gelling all the way to participated in the Alabama University football game protest and riots really and the Vancouver Canucks riot and the Boston Red Sox riots. They loaded and stole two matter fact we don’t even call them thugs we called them young college students whenever white people do something however when black people do something we call them thugs Facts. Can’t stand far right personally. They give us a bad name If they destory property then yes Were riots nearby this neighborhood? Where is the double standard?  It's the first commenter singling out a group and I corrected/updated him.  So please respond to him also. 

This event is happening real time, so all these violent loser thugs need to be arrested and jailed of which the vast majority are the ones I identified. 

And any Whites, Asians, Latinos, etc., participating should be jailed also. Apply the laws equally. 

Now do the right thing and correct the first commenter also.  Otherwise you're setting the double standard. I wouldn't call a joke a "word salad". You can call it "unfunny", though I'd disagree because I think it's very funny.

I'm still waiting for you to post a study, without confounding variables, that supports the full chain of your logic, which I called "bumpy".

And while I'm not liberal, I don't think liberal ideaology prevents liberals from making sound arguments. I've read well sourced posts from folks across different ideaologies (one just today from a conservative).

If you're throwing around "liberal" like it's an insult, it's because you're too insulated. It's like listening to a socialist insult conservatives by calling them racist. Both are simply false. Hold on buddy boy whites “riot” after sports games and events you’re enforcing an unessacary double standard where are you when after Alabama football games whites are burning and hopping on cars Lefty here. I also solidly support 2a and would back anyone anywhere facing police violence or oppression. Absolutely right, this is not a political issue it’s a fundamental issue of freedom vs authoritarianism. What about the sports game riots after sporting events ask the brain dead liberal “Scientists confirm the virus only spreads at bars and sporting events. Riots are the exception.” I have yet to see anyone disagree with the fact that what the officer did was wrong, and should be charged with murder. No one disputes raw counts for the reasons you provided. What's disputed is whether or not there's a racial bias in the rate of use-of-force among those apprehended and under controlled variables.

This was the text posted in the link I sent:

*An Empirical Analysis of Racial Differences in Police Use of Force*

On non-lethal uses of force, there are racial differences –sometimes quite large –in police use of force, even after accounting for a large set of controls designed to account for important contextual and behavioral factors at the time of the police-civilian interaction. Interestingly, as use of force increases from putting hands on a civilian to striking them with a baton, the overall probability of such an incident occurring decreases dramatically but the racial difference remains roughly constant. **Even when officers report civilians have been compliant and no arrest was made, blacks are 21.3 (0.04) percent more likely to endure some form of force**. Yet, **on \[officer-involved shootings\] we are unable to detect any racial differences** in either the raw data or when accounting for controls. Bit of a stretch I think you are because your history reflects your political point of view which is not Republican.  You subscribe to r/Republican to be disagreeable.  And you have been.  R/politics is really where you want to be to get the camaraderie that you are looking for.  If you paid any attention to what I said, it wasn’t wrong.  You just disagree.  She should have followed commands.   She could have been put in jail, but they bean bagged her in the ass instead.  I don’t have any problem with that.  You think the police were wrong.  I don’t think they were. It's actually kinda funny. On CNN they're still that the protesters are peaceful, but in the background you can clearly see rocks being thrown, dumpster fires, etc. they can't hide it. He did. Your an idiot if you go outside, unless you're rioting lol. People are not "free to smash up the streets".. How exactly would they know who the members are. All rioters and looters should be prosecuted. If someone is peacefully protesting and has an antifa sticker would they be charged? Didn’t see a whole lot of whites in those gangs. Terrorists who need to be treated as such. So tell me that you’re not advocating gun  violence against police.  Because your title is close to reportable.  It just doesn’t really cross the line, but it’s close.  Usually non republicans go to r/politics to vent, because they have no standards and they don’t care what anyone says. https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gtok82/they_staged_a_pallet_of_bricks_in_dallas/ Random pallets of bricks are just randomly showing up in downtown Dallas... this isn’t a protest, it’s a well funded insurrection. Governors are activating the National Guard for good reason. Large crowd beating a white man, nothing to see here.... Lol This will resort more protests because only in masses can the people stand up.
One individual guy shooting back will just resort in a gunfight. But protests involving thousands is a whole different ballgame. They want to be Democrats, they want to be Socialists, they want to be on the left, this shouldn't surprise them. Wonder how you'll feel when standing outside your house minding your own business and 20 cops roll up yelling "light him up" and pepper you with rubber bullets and paint balls.

Will you clutch your flag with a tear in your eye and say God damn it thank u America. Thank you.

Or will you be slightly terrified and angry? What did MLK do that was on here? Not asking to be contradictory, just legit curious I’ve been a subscriber for literally years, probably longer than you.  I’m commenting now because most threads are too sparse with comments to make it worth it.

Not everyone who shows you how dumb you are is troll or a brigading.

Sometimes you’re just that wrong. When do the people who see something terribly wrong with this picture get their right to riot? Someone is exploiting their labor for a riot?! Someone inform the antifascistas! If this is not the right community to invoke, discuss and protect the constitution and the rights it lays out for every person on this land, idk where to go They are paid to riot so they would get no jail time their employers would get them out of any trouble. Nothing new. Finally a voice of reason. Criminal status doesn’t have to be attributed to a race or political belief. It’s just whoever commits the crime. 100% agree to this, punish everyone equally or don’t punish them at all. Because police don’t run around shooting paintball guns. Any time you see police with paintball guns they are shooting pepper-balls out of them, it’s an incredibly common anti-riot weapon, it wouldn’t make any sense for police to be running around shooting normal paintballs. Second, you’re allowed to be on your porch, can you find the law that says you can’t sit on your front porch. You’re arguing with me about pretty common sense things. Last time I checked we live in the US (as least I do and that’s where this video was shot) not Nazi Germany, its not illegal to be on your front porch, even during a stay at home order/curfew order. It's a convenient way to wash your hands from the riots. It stopped being just a riot when they started attacking police stations, police cars, taking weapons, robbing banks, stores, and began murdering people.

It stopped being about George Floyd when organized attacks on businesses, police, fire departments began

It stopped being about George Floyd when a uniformed mob of thugs started chanting  "Kill the White man".

What kind of lunacy are we living in when white people are chanting " Kill White People"? 

It is an insurgency.  And that is what happens when one political party use the intelligence agencies and the federal bureau of investigations in a coup d'état to overthrow the president of the United States just because their Wall Street backers are pissed that their $500 billion dollars a year Chinese Communist Party grift has been ended. 

Hey, Jamie & Goldman call off your media attack dogs on the President or you will not be facing a civil court but a military tribunal. The Chinese Communist Party trade game is over it's not coming back; EVER!

Fix your media messaging or lose everything you have.

Today should have been about America going back into space.  Wall Street made it about getting rid of the President of the United States because he has ended the game of selling out the United States citizens to the Chinese Communist Party.  A $500 Billion dollar a year grift that was bankrupting the nation and killing our citizens.  

Follow the money.  The groups that organized the nationwide terrorist insurgency are funded.  Their comms are trackable.  

Jamie & Goldman fix it. Fire the talking heads across the board every network. Call Jack, Eric, Susan, Mark and tell them how it is.  End it now. You created this monster time to shut off the taps. CALL IT IN.   Stop funding these communist movements.  

Otherwise, look around it will all be gone forever.  

The Chinese Communist Party trade is over. Done.  It is never, ever, ever coming back.  The Democrats are finished.  The Rob-Public-Wecans are done.  Lean in on this and the consequences are not just going to reverberate in the United States but around the world. There will not be a safe market anywhere. You will end up with nothing. Your children will end up with nothing.  Your grandchildren will end up with nothing.  And the Mob that you have created will come for you.  The Hamptons is not a dependable position.  You will have no way to run, nowhere to run to.  Your mansions will end up being your graveyards. no one said shooting back... there have been videos circulating of groups of gun owners standing with protestors to make them feel safe and the police have been a lot more thoughtful and tactical handling those situations Yeah, that’s pretty jacked up In fact the curfew laws allow MUCH MORE than that including organised gatherings at a reasonable time and a place You spare the wolf and sacrafice the sheep, my friend. This was proven true in Virginia, where blue cities decided to take away the guns of the entire state. So much for all that "fellow Americans" belief.

Its is absolutely Red vs Blue and Left vs Right. Even countries with no guns have national guards with weapons and ammo. They don’t have this sort of police brutality at protests against brutality Not in blue states The amazing thing is they are being defended. Even if they are protesting injustice, which they’re not, these looters are hoodlums not there for Floyd, 400 years of oppression does not excuse this, You are the problem OP. You’re OP.  Your another non Republican posting on the Republican subreddit.  So how about you explain what you mean by the title of this post. Yes. I will defend those who hate me. Because I believe in being the better person. Right now it’s about police brutality. It doesn’t matter who you vote for. You are at risk of being a victim. 

I will fight for me when it’s specifically directed at me. I will speak out  now because it is directed at me. You are not immune. > That is so divisive. So because someone doesn’t agree with your way of life or has inconvenienced you, you no longer see them as a brother? They deserve what they get ? 

Yes. Infact, im happy the leftists who wanted to take my guns are now suffering after giving up theirs. 

Let their state burn, they are traitors to America anyway, as they infringe on consitutional rights.

>Who will come to your aid when you are in peril ? They really got you hard on this red vs blue stuff and you are forgetting we are all Americans first. 

My safety is entirely in my hands. "American first", given i give up my guns, lest i be thrown into jail in a blue state, or not having that happen in a red one. Yeah, real cool compromise, countrymen.

>I am proud to hold conservative values but I am a citizen first.

And you will power those who hate everything about you ? Good luck. Yeah cause opening fire on a group of ~20 cops sounds like a great idea! It’s tough being a liberal lol This The riots have burned the heart out of mainstream media's phony Panda Pandemic panic. George Floyd's great personal sacrifice certainly cured the country of the CCP corona. Yeah but the mindset is the same: obey authority. You say you do not agree with looting, rioting, and destroying your community. I agree, they should not be doing that. But the fact remains that many are contradicting themselves here, and agreeing to obey authority when it fits what you want is fundamentally flawed. Anyways, I’ll raise you this- many churches and gathering that violated quarantine orders were the sources of outbreaks in communities, which people seem to forget is a very serious issue. Theres a reason why the USA has over 100k deaths, COVID has not been controlled. You see, the people opening their businesses against orders in the middle of a pandemic and the rioters burning buildings both are putting people at risk. And I might add that you may say peaceful protests are the way to go, but do you remember how much this sub shit on Kaepernick? He was protesting peacefully. And you’re the same people that say such citizens are inciting riots. Idk if you see the stark contrast in your beliefs and the reality. Watch the right turn to the left really soon... the shift happens with left-wing provocateurs like these You’re on this sub to brigade.  Have a great weekend. And vote in person as well. acting like an occupying force It's true, you just don't want to believe it. Unfit for the country they’re destroying. These are lives that matter how exactly? Hey guys is America great again yet? That is so divisive. So because someone doesn’t agree with your way of life or has inconvenienced you, you no longer see them as a brother? They deserve what they get ? 

Who will come to your aid when you are in peril ? They really got you hard on this red vs blue stuff and you are forgetting we are all Americans first. 

I am proud to hold conservative values but I am a citizen first. And yet you say stupid shit like:

> We need to organize a counter-protest for the police, build a giant trapdoor underneath it, then drown them all in pepper spray. And also, piss on their graves when they die. The officer doesn't make the rules of the curfew. The officer's orders were not backed by law and are therefor not legally required to be obeyed: https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Pages/faq.aspx

>Can I be outside my house (on my property) after 8 p.m. and before 6 a.m.?

>Yes. Actually, you need multiple AR15s. She is on her porch. What happened to a man's home is his castle? Incorrect. Orders from police are not law. There are limits to their powers. You use the term “right thing” but I linked to evidence that her standing on the porch was indeed the “right thing” or did you not read the whole link?  She’s allowed to do that.

Being uncooperative with government forces that are acting objectively tyrannical is a good thing.

Again, I’m yet to hear you say a negative thing about the cops who are either ignoring the rules of the curfew or ignorant of them (not sure which is worse). People are. 

There are organized groups roaming around killing cops and federal officers Bruh, shooting the cops in retaliation or even brandishing my gun in response is gonna end badly m’kay? People are shooting back at cops. 

[2 officers dead at the Oakland protest](https://www.sfgate.com/crime/article/Oakland-protests-riots-federal-officer-killed-loot-15305272.php)

[1 officer shot in Milwaukee](https://www.wisn.com/article/milwaukee-police-officer-shot-during-overnight-protest/32719006#)

[The stories are there if you look for them](https://www.abc10.com/mobile/article/news/local/sacramento/sacramento-officers-injured-during-protest/103-756f2473-1484-470f-8ccf-c83d419a64c8)

Armed insurrection. Organized groups of people are shooting cops and killing federal officers. 

[Federal officers killed outside of courthouse](https://www.sfchronicle.com/bayarea/article/22-arrested-60-looters-detained-in-Oakland-15305244.php) People are shooting back at cops. 

[2 officers dead at the Oakland protest](https://www.sfgate.com/crime/article/Oakland-protests-riots-federal-officer-killed-loot-15305272.php)

[1 officer shot in Milwaukee](https://www.wisn.com/article/milwaukee-police-officer-shot-during-overnight-protest/32719006#)

[The stories are there if you look for them](https://www.abc10.com/mobile/article/news/local/sacramento/sacramento-officers-injured-during-protest/103-756f2473-1484-470f-8ccf-c83d419a64c8)

Armed insurrection. Organized groups of people are shooting cops and killing federal officers. 

[Federal officers killed outside of courthouse](https://www.sfchronicle.com/bayarea/article/22-arrested-60-looters-detained-in-Oakland-15305244.php) >There is a strict curfew

According to the FAQ about that same curfew, people are allowed to be outside on their own property: https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Pages/faq.aspx

>Can I be outside my house (on my property) after 8 p.m. and before 6 a.m.?

>Yes. its about trampling the constitution I came here to say exactly the same thing. Cops like these are nothing but Government boot lickers - no different than Nazi Germany!! 
“Just following orders” - Tyrannical cowards. These people don’t want a country. They aren’t interested in civilization. She easily walked in her front door, but not until they had to tell her several times and then she got bean bagged.  If she had walked in her front door to begin with, no bean bag.  What she did wrong is she was uncooperative.  Easier to do the right thing to begin with and then you don’t get bean bagged. It looks like Afghanistan in Minneapolis.  Someone has to fix that problem.  You don’t like it, but someone has to do it.  It will get done.  For your own safety, don’t be part of the problem like her. I still wait for you to prove me wrong. Your word salad doesn't prove anything. Want to be like typical liberals? Sure, go ahead. I thought Republicans were better than this. Idiots Doesn't really for people farther right on the spectrum relative to me.  I'm just the type to look at the cause and (depending on how the media portrays it) ignore the effects. I would pay money to see how these antifa punks get by in an actual hostile environment like prison where there are no screens to hide you, and just about everyone has a good chance of hitting you in the mouth for running it.. This is why you need an AR15. How does this behavior fit in with conservative ideals like small government and private property rights?  This all bill of rights basics. Soros puppet And with all that non-violence he was still assassinated. I expect the Minneapolis Police to understand the curfew rules as well if not more than the NG. So no words for the cops shooting people doing nothing wrong only for the citizens brave enough to try and stand up for their right?

Life sure is being made tough by you being stupid. Yep, assertive peace always works. Look at Mahatma Gandhi. Just a different take on violence not being the means to a justification. Unfortunately, yes :( And yet here they are, testing They should be protesting, but they're protesting all wrong. They're just hurting themselves. The cops wouldn't stop them from doing that. So Joe Bidens campaign staff is bailing out white supremacists? Then they could have asked for identification to verify the address or arrested them for failure to obey a debatable lawful order instead of resorting immediately to firearms even if it is designed as non lethal. You are a left wing provocateur moat likely. Anyone who riots should be held responsible. Doesnt matter where they stand. There is a strict curfew in place because people are being beaten to death, also realize if they didnt do this rioters would feel safe coming out after they pass and attacking them in the flank. They have training to not get surrounded. 

If you want to beat them when this gets worse under democrats you won't do it by running around with pistols like jungle people, you would have to walk them into a trap or out maneuver them. 

This is essentially a test run for martial law, they are lucky its just paint balls. Marches rarely accomplish something substantial, they’re for awareness that quickly has no meaning in the eye of the public again.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tree_sitting
List of tree sits has arrests. In The Netherlands where I live there have been occurrences too, one of the cases being the Awacs airbase planning to cut doen a forest which would result in loss of a big part of local greenery and an increase in pollution and noise in residential areas. > They wouldn’t do anything if we were united on this.

Noone is united on anything right now, that pretty much is the problem...

>They should be arresting people breaking into stores and vandalizing property. Leave everyone else the hell alone. Their literally making the point of the protestors with this power grab.

100% Agree It would be a shame if the company making bank for race baiting and sowing class division were to be burned to the ground like they have been encouraging rioters to do to other people's businesses... John Wayne Quote: “Life’s tough, but it’s tougher when your stupid”. > not legal to not comply.

And if it were not legal to comply, then the officer must arrest the person who fails to comply. Not shoot them. By shooting someone who fails to comply, this officer, and the commanding officer who said "*light 'em up*", is judging the citizen and handing out punishment. The officer is not a judge. The officer is not a law maker. The officer merely part of the executive, and must leave the sentencing and punishment to the judiciary, and the making of the laws to the legislation. We talk like this is a “Democrat only issue” and that is a mistake. If this same level of violence were to happen in a state that was predominantly Republican, does anyone really think the response would not be similar? Jesus died not from the giant nails thru his body but actually from high blood pressure How so? Have you heard of marches? I don’t think the cops just go around arresting all those people. And can you give me an example of someone getting arrested for tying themselves to trees? George soros fucked my wife too 😕 We need to organize a counter-protest for the police, build a giant trapdoor underneath it, then drown them all in pepper spray. And also, piss on their graves when they die. Not a counter argument, just being factual Ur right man. U should go to the White House abt this It sucks man. Jack forces me against my will and MAKES me use twitter instead of the other dozen social media sites. FUCK HIM I wonder *why* they are patrolling in the first place, it couldnt have anything to do with the large scale riots and "peaceful" protests, could it?  I don't think the media brings enough attention to why these thing happen.  It/they only give attention/shame to the governmental effects, and not the "civil" causes. Y’all know that white supremacists and cops are the ones who are doing inciting the violence right If you di anything more than sit around holding up a sign it will be branded a violent or extreme protest. What about people who chain themselves to trees to prevent them from being cut down? They just get arrested. You can only fight force with force. No, this is when we draw the line, and we start training officers to actually protect and serve George soros fucked my wife dude They have to see everybody as a threat, that’s just the common mentality you hav to have in these situations. They don’t who could be violent. They have to keep people inside to, you know, stop them from destroying their city. We should aspire to be under control because good stuff doesn’t happen when we are constantly at odds with everyone else for no reason. No one will listen to your riots. It’s just going to lead to more policing. Peaceful protests work, but they take more effort than just sitting around somewhere holding up signs. It’s George Soros prolly. He’s behind everything. He fucked my wife too Shut up, ya cop whore. Ya it’s their fault ur a racist fuck https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Pages/faq.aspx

She wasn’t doing anything against the curfew.
What does it take for you think a cop is wrong? The new crips & bloods Antifa banged my wife It goes even further for MN. Look at this crap bill they signed for body cams.  As long as the officer doesn’t cause major harm to a person they do not have to allow the public to view the footage, but can still use that footage to support their case against the civilian. 


https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.twincities.com/2016/05/31/dayton-signs-law-governing-police-body-cameras-and-footage/amp/ And that's what the protest is for. Just because they know you can't retort to whatever levels of violence they might be capable of doesn't mean they get to test those limits MLK said negative peace is the absence of tension. Whereas positive peace is the presence of justice. He said the biggest roadblock to progress was moderates who believe that they can control the timeline of another peoples freedom

Just an interesting idea in reference to the preservation of order. It’s not about their paintball guns and terrible aim, it’s about their mentality. Their entire paradigm is fucked since they’re not protecting the people from rioters, they’re seeing everyone as a threat.
Plus everything being under control is a status quo situation we shouldn’t aspire to return to, these things keep happening for a reason and instead of trying to reform it always sizzles out.
I don’t condone looting or destruction of businesses and cars, but I sure as hell want people to riot because that’s the only way the establishment listens. The rioters just need to pick the right targets. Yes, the problem is they know that too. So they’re using that fear against us. EXACTLY...!! I would like to say that though I see your point, wouldn't shooting at the cops (even from your own private domicile) be met with even more firefight and death? They are gonna trample on our rights with there.... paintball guns and terrible aim. I mean, you realize why they are doing this right? It’s because of the rioters. It’s not gonna be like this for very long,  only until the violent riots stop and they have everything under control. But it’s an order that goes against the law, is it even an actual order at that point? This is just a hill to die on for me, seeing these fucks trample on what your country was supposed to be built on makes me furious. Don’t worry it’s for our safety. Maybe daddy will let us go outside next week if we’re lucky. The door was open they turned around and ran right in. This garbage website has so many ads you can’t even see the article. It’s just Right baiting with communism as the boogie man It's about preserving order during a clear insurrection from outside or inside forces that lean to the Left. They wouldn’t do anything if we were united on this. They should be arresting people breaking into stores and vandalizing property.  Leave everyone else the hell alone. Their literally making the point of the protestors with this power grab. I’m not talking about the curfew being a legal order.  I’m talking about the police command to go Inside the house.  Perfectly legal and not legal to not comply. We should all know the context of massive riots in Minneapolis.  Along with that, the burning and looting.  They have shelter in place orders and probably curfews.  This stupid woman could have walked in her front door.  That’s all they asked for her to do.  Since she wasn’t cooperating, the got bean bagged.  Sucks to be stupid. Would this include the far-left and far-right groups? Kill the Nazi police officers on sight. Any officer "following orders" is a threat to civilian lives. They have no capability to think for themselves and no empathy to consider their victims' lives. Everyone needs to get their guns out now or arm up if you don't have any. Set traps around your house if you can. Amazing counter argument. No, common sense is knowing that a bunch of every aggressive and angry cops aren’t going to be happy when you disobey their orders several times, so you better listen to them. The curfew laws say it’s legal to do it. Unbelievable. I feel like we are in the twilight zone And you failed at being logical Common sense is giving up your rights and bowing down to tyranny? Glad I don’t have common sense then. So I guess I am not American for using common sense? Ok mate. I think the point would be had everyone pulled out a weapon the Officers would have fled. 

They’ll only insert it if you bend over for them. Miss mind reader you’re so smart. Evidence has came out that supports that many of those looting are right wing extremists. Watch the videos of destruction on stores. Many of those causing destruction are masked up
White people. You’ve lived a good, sheltered life if you can only think in black and white. I envy your ignorance. Life is easier that way Autocorrect, that’s why it’s spelled weird. Also, how do you they are using pepper balls? And who said it’s legal to do it? I’m more interesting in who will try to purchase the burned down blocks. Who said anything about government. I’m just trying to be logical. Not necessarily. Im just saying that you can’t expect all these riot police to be al nice to you after disobeying them several times. First off, your first sentence isn’t english, I have no idea how to decipher that. Second, they are paintball guns, but they are loaded with pepper-balls, you’re allowed to sit on your front porch, the police can’t shoot pepper-balls at you for being on your front porch. Funny, very Funny and TRUE!! Or try not burning down the city provoking factions specifically meant to establish order. The title is very misleading, it’s implying they are shooting live rounds but it’s just paintballs. Considering people are burning the city to the ground in “protest” it seems like the best thing for everyone First hand experience Is it reall that are to go inside your house? Plus, they are not even real guns, they are using paintball guns. Immigration and outsourcing of jobs maybe? People Protest ,
Criminals , Thugs and Garbage Loot .
With regards the the SUV They  were surrounded and attacking the police suv  . The SUV than hit them as I would in the same circumstances. People that loot have no money and no job . If they did they would buy it however they are garbage and lack the mental capacity to comprehend paying for something. The people in the above mentioned video.... were on their porches? We must not be watching the same thing on the news. I live there. This is all over the news, people I know that live downtown and whatnot. Source? LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK. These titles and groups, even in politics is also helping contribute to the destruction of this country. Everyone is too focused on whether the other person is left or right, when we should all be centered and aligned... That’s why we should be fighting to lower taxes on the middle class. All we are doing is giving more power to the government and less power to the people. Cops need to learn how to speak like normal people.  Just talk like you would off duty, while your on duty.  Too many times, situations are escalated when the robots and tough guys show up on calls The police are firing first. They're meeting peaceful protesters marching through the streets with tear gas and rubber bullets. Last night in New York they used SUVs to block streets and when protesters marched to the front of the cars, the cops rammed the protesters.

Also, not that there is anything wrong with needing help, but the places that rely the most on government assistance are typically rural, conservative areas, not major cities. When ya act like assholes and loot & burn shit down- that’s the result. Don’t be mad at the national guard or police- be mad at the assholes taking advantage of a situation. 100 percent this. Failed democratic policies  yet they don’t see the problem! It’s so strange how all of these riots and police brutality deaths happen in democratic cities.   I thought they were supposed to be”better”. It hasn’t crept out to the more affluent neighborhoods yet. I’m very worried its coming though.

If it does I’ll be taking my wife and child up to my sisters. Then I’ll come back home to defend whats mine. They aren’t breaking any laws by being on their porch. Are you defending the cops breaking the law? It’s a 2nd amendment issue as in we will protect ourselves from terrors domestic and foreign. I’m sorry please don’t be mad at me 😭 Paintballs filled with a chemical agent. Sorry are you defending the cops breaking the law?? You're statement is made up.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Republican/comments/gtqvk5/it_happens_to_every_race/fsdvnfn?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share Wrong. You need to look stuff up before you make it up.

Study proving otherwise: https://www.reddit.com/r/Republican/comments/gtqvk5/it_happens_to_every_race/fsdvnfn?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share At least you’ll get a Netflix special made about you 15 years later. You're incorrect. See this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/Republican/comments/gtqvk5/it_happens_to_every_race/fsdvnfn?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share You do know that posts don’t just magically appear, right? Someone would have to have seen it and then posted it. This post was submitted by the person who filmed it meaning that at the time they were the only one with the video which is why it appeared here first. The entire MN police force seems to need retraining... Where was this? I’m okay with the National Guard showing up to try and stop the riots that are hurting and killing people, but this is a step too far, imo. "That's not how you prove your point"

This gem of advice is brought to you by /u/Slowporque, who believes that correlates and confounding factors only apply to your points, not his.

Next time on Reddit, /u/Slowporque posts a study on fatherless households while missing the point. CNN has been inciting a riot for years with their rhetoric. It finally happened. And how American is that? We were worried about Dems taking our guns when the police decided they can simply shoot us for having them. And maybe like thousands of the blacks violently protesting in Minneapolis and other cities too? Your right, we should look at more videos. In fact, we should do better and go straight into police records, collect reports of use-of-force, categorize them by race, and calculate the p-value of the null hypothesis that the difference in rates is purely by chance...

Oh wait, that's the study I just posted. Did you only read the first two sentences of the post? How does that lessen the cause of the protests? How would you shooting back have helped this situation? That doesn't make it okay, fool. Trying to open your business to make revenue is completely different than lighting your community on fire and breaking into stores and stealing whatever you can get your hands on. Peaceful protests are absolutely wonderful and I completely agree with their message about police brutality and racism. I do not agree with looting, rioting and destroying your community. Can’t we just drop the whole republican/Democrats thing? Don’t get me wrong I know exactly what your saying but we are stuck in this loop of he said she said when the entire country is falling apart around us. I don’t believe in being this divided, that’s not how this country was made. 



https://pcmustdie.com/floyd-rioters-beat-mace-and-rob-a-disabled-woman-in-mobility-scooter-at-target/


https://pjmedia.com/news-and-politics/victoria-taft/2020/05/27/rioters-are-so-angry-about-police-killing-that-they-stole-baby-clothes-and-air-fryers-from-nearby-target-n436334



https://imgur.com/a/wktAZi2


https://imgur.com/a/zjtomOc

https://imgur.com/a/pXiRrlN


https://imgur.com/a/46eTwvR


https://imgur.com/a/BuCqVjp


Damn those white supremacists... they even use camouflage, apparently. source I'm pro-gun and believe in keeping the government in check, however, you defending your home with a gun when this parade comes to town will get your family killt. Kinda wish the far right would just stick to their own party and stop piggy-backing on the Republicans. And maybe Nazis and white nationalists too? The Horn of Africa! No one is saying that this ONLY happens to black people, they are upset that it DISPROPORTIONATELY happens to black people. The peaceful protests (not the violent ones) are against police brutality that is hurting the black community. The white man's death was a tragedy... But what does that have to do with this situation? From the article it doesn’t seem so, the cops thought he was asleep and made jokes about him needing to wake up for school. I honestly hope it was though because that means there’s another person out there this happened to. Given what happened here I wanted to clear up what is happening in Minneapolis. What happened last night was that the rioters were going into porches and pretending to live in some of the houses. This doesn’t excuse the behavior but I’m just explaining WHY they ordered her to get inside. 

The media also will not talk about the fact that police officers in Minneapolis were getting shot at and Molotov cocktails were being thrown. I get your point, but we have to have a line.  We can't allow huge media outlets to skew the facts.  If CNN wanted to, they could push the flat Earth agenda and even more people would believe them.  We have to do something about the media.  I don't know what that is, but reporting over the last 8 years has been destroyed.  It's all partially true columns with lies as the headlines to get clicks.  People read the headlines, share the stories on social media, and now we have this new generation of young kids thinking white people are suppressing black people.  

If I had it my way, social media and phones would be gone before anything else in this world.  Imagine if they had social media during ww2.  We may never have dropped the atom bomb, people from home would be criticizing Truman. There is no Success, their were a lot of calls by Germans to kick him out of Germany for his insulting behaviour The cops had no legal authority to tell them to go inside. The curfew on that area said you could be out on your property. Over their entire lifetime, yes, because they have more encounters with the police. But any single encounter is more deadly for whites than blacks.  1 in 25,000 for blacks vs 1 in 20,000 for whites. All of them? Wow you have quite the social group. 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9580 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8486 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7098 nices**

**...**

**249191.** `u/SeamusMcMagnus` at **1 nice**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Nice Go on and try the solidarity approach folks.

https://streamable.com/k75yrc

Just dont cry when they beat you over a MAGA hat "ally" I agree.  

You will not see this on other forms as they are all focusing on how to divide the country.  

I am proud of r/republican and r/libertarian in that they are trying to show this is an American issue.  

We should be looking at how to address the issues and not fighting with each other. If you’re not an authright then why are you defending people being told off for standing on their own property which is literally allowed in the curfew laws? What kind of republican runs out of ammo? I think there is a difference between advocating for this and just staying safe. You being on your porch when they are telling you to go inside isn’t going to end well, even if them telling you to go inside is completely ridiculous. Try to Do something about it after though, because you standing outside isn’t going to shit at that moment. Go on and try the solidarity approach.

https://streamable.com/k75yrc

Just dont cry when they beat you over a MAGA hat Why can’t I stand outside my own property? Who am I endangering?

“Light em up!”, for standing calmly my own property is not what Freedom is about. So much for small government huh. This is not funny.  Lawlessness should be condemned regardless of how feel about the victim. This is not a movement about black lives mattering more. 

Black lives matter *enough* to address the lethal culture creeping through law enforcement unchecked. 

There are a few bad cops that abuse their power and are acting as judge,jury,and executioner. They have multiple accounts of inappropriate interactions with the citizens they are sworn to protect. There are many officers who are aware of this, witness it and instead of fighting to end it they stand by their brother in blue to protect him in solidarity.  

I don’t agree with looting and burning and violence. But I completely agree with the protests and the messaging. 

There are good cops but they failed to reform a system that is killing people. There are around a million cops in America. Large numbers plus time will give you crazy things if your looking for crazy things. There is no point in rioting over something that is bound to happen every once in a while despite the efforts of good people. So what do you do when you run out of ammo after shooting back at the popo? This is when logic just crushes your entire argument To be fair it shouldn’t be the governments right to tell you when you should be inside your own property. They also have absolutely zero right to shoot even if it is non lethal, on someone who has done nothing and is on their property. I don’t mind sending out police to protect the city from rioters, but when you have a government policing rights away I have a problem 2A is about an oppressive or tyrannical government, that doesn’t mean guns are needed. These cops are oppressing the public despite them using paintballs. You do realize they were just shooting fucken paint right Let's be hornest: they would shoot you dead and call you a terrorist if you did that

They don't care about rights and they don't care about the law, all they want is to show how they can do what they want and you can't stop them What were they doing? Standing on their porch filming? I thought republicans would stand up for their freedoms (because I’m republican and this is not okay). I don’t know if you’re just a major bootlicker or one of those republicans that flip flops views when it’s convenient so he never has to criticize a person or group he supports. Democrats know this is true: All the good rioting and looting and mayhem is being committed by fine black Democrats driven amok due to madness and murder and arson by the very idea of law and order in their crime crippled community. 

All the bad rioting and looting is done by Republican taxpayers who drive in to do the jobs indolent Democrats can't or won't do. Fuck off bootlicker Cops shooting people on their own property.  Fuck off bootlicker. if only it were a single video.... Police brutality is a real thing, because humans are humans, it’s not always a race thing. The real problem is the politicians and media who want every incident to be about race. What happens to these cities of the police force closes, hint..l just watch the rioters....err I mean peaceful protesters. When a far left liberal snowflake runs a city. And Biden has his staffers bailing out protestors as he basement-promises when he’s in office (that ain’t happening) he will delegitimize law enforcement in the USA. When have we lived in stranger times. This wiped COVID out of the headlines but now more cases will sprout. I would shoot them with my scout, would tale at least 2 withe then if they entered my house no problem I have my 12 gauge Yes but cops being violent against black people for their color is very rare. Yes but cops being violent against white people for their color is very rare. That mobilize and bring awareness for this guy the same way people are doing it for the black guy. This isn't a black vs white issues so dont make it one. This is society vs police brutality. The 2nd amendments purpose is literally for this situation I find it very telling that this is posted on r/republican and also reposted from r/libertarian Black men are 2.5 times more likely to be killed by police 

https://www.pnas.org/content/116/34/16793 Why do you say? Look at the statistics. White people are killed by police way more than black people. Black people kill each other and white people way more than white people. You have an agenda. Why do you say? You fan the flames, you get burned. Karma is a bitch. Cognitive dissonance Thank you for your realization!

What do you think?

I like how you worded your comment 💯💡🔥 💯💡🔥 Cognitive dissonance

"My party is in control so whatever they do is okay"
"Take my freedoms" 💯💡🔥 Cognitive dissonance Most republicans are pussies. The amount of bootlicking I’ve seen on right leaning reddit over the past couple of days is just disappointing. Aren’t we supposed to be the side that favors protection of freedom and limited government? How are so many of the people here defending police attacking people for standing on their own damn porch? After all the shit police did during lockdowns and during these riots, I don’t get how any republican can still be pro-cop and believe that they’re “on our side.”

You ever wondered why GOP politicians are such spineless little worms? Well, look at who is voting them in. Shit like this makes me ashamed of being a republican. I guess the government has decided the white neighborhoods need to get on board with the coming summer of rage. One side would be considered patriots, the other? Thugs. Animals. That's because the whole establishment doesn't pay these rioters to riot. Let the white Liberals be the indoctrinated anarchist they want to be. That's how you create a toxic cocktail you're seeing now on the streets and on social media. /r/conservative is full of bootlicking red hats. Is this what you mean

Criminal Victimization, 2018

https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cv18.pdf

According to Bureau of justice study, there were 593,598 interracial violent victimizations (excluding homicide) between blacks and whites last year, including white-on-black and black-on-white attacks. Blacks committed 537,204 (90%) of those interracial felonies, and whites committed 56,394 of them. The police are the reason they're rioting. Thanks Soros There are more guns in this nation than we know what to do with.  I want to agree with you, but the problem isn’t about hoping to keep the government in line, it’s about having the courage to stand up to your oppressors. Nope. So, start a riot. Do you guys remember when we rioted in the streets after Tony Timpa’s death? Yeah, neither do I. So weird. This is a disgusting thing to defend. The government is literally shooting innocent people who are following the law on their own property in this video. This is big government at it's biggest. The kind of thing us Republicans should be up in arms over. It is incredibly hypocritical for us to preach small government "don't tread on me" while being okay with this. 

Those willing to give up freedom for safety deserve neither. Go ahead and check my post history if you suspect I'm a liberal concern troll. I'm absolutely not. My fellow Republicans are disappointing me hard right now. Could someone tell me why this was quickly posted here but it took a while for it to appear on r/Conservative and it seems to be quite controversial there? Do these subs not have the same demographic? What the fuck is going on in this sub? They’re standing on their porch filming, what’s the threat here? You’re seriously advocating this? But if you got rid of all the guns then no one could shoot at you on your own porch.just saying this article seems a little flawed in how it sounds Nah.

I aint gonna fight for liberals and commies, who have done nothing but try to get my life destroyed for wrongthink and standing up to the goverment during the lockdown. 

Salivating, as private businesses get burned down and individuals get their livelihoods destoryed.

Fight your own battles, let the grabbers call the police, like they advice others to do.

They voted their rights away, so il let them demostrate to me how progressive they are, now that those progressive values are burning the cities. But demanding someone who’s CLEARLY not a threat to go inside their homes and then shooting at them with non lethals? I’m on r/republican, right? I argue I am correct. Ultimately if the order was lawful or unlawful is up to a judge to decide. If the curfew had stated that porches/gardens/front yards also fall within public spaces, then it could be argued that the order was lawful. But the city government has explicitly clarified that private porches, gardens, yards are not included. The order could have been lawful if there was some other circumstance that would warant it, let's say there was a wild dog loose that had been biting folks, or a truck carrying dangerous chemicals had crashed and people needed to stay inside for safety reasons. But unless the officer has such a circumstance, the order is unlawful. We can now deduce that cops have no regard for human life you are incorrect.  Thoughtful, but incorrect.  Any police order in furtherance of police safety is a lawful order. they are not legally allowed to disobey a police order Privatize law enforcement along with everything else. Obviously, but they’re protesting the murder of a man because he is black, not because he was simply an innocent man. These protests and riots wouldn’t be happening if he was a white guy. In fact if he were white, you and I likely wouldn’t even know it happened let alone his name. Yeah, literally none of that crap about police brutality and black on black violence is true.

 When one race had been oppressed for hundreds of years with no end in us white people don't really get to say shit about it. Yeah I'm slightly surprised to see people on the right demonizing the cops. I'm no fan of authoritarianism, but it's literally the cops, and the national guard keeping that city from descending into pure chaos. (not to say they've done the best job) If the cops aren't marching on the street, it's only a matter of time before the antifa lunatics come to burn your house down. Closely someone heavy been paint attention Because black people are racist. Prove me wrong Percentage wise it still holds true. Bruh its a middle aged white lady filming a humvee drive down the street

Real dangerous criminal Not true "Since the social victim has been oppressed by society, he comes to feel that his individual life will be improved more by changes in society than his own initiative. Without realizing it, he makes society rather than himself the agent of change. The power he finds in his victimization may lead him to collective action against society, but it also encourages passivity within the sphere of his personal life." - Shelby Steele I'm from a rather conservative town and my area must be different than those you are talking about 

Nobody is happy with this, and you can feel the tension in the air. Nobody knows what will happen if it spills over to here. 

There are just to many drunk rednecks who would shit their pants if they were shot at standing on their own land. I don't know, everyone is claiming out of state people. And yet a lot of them are being recognized by neighors. No that's liberal communist socialism The orders given by the officers were not lawful.

The curfew is for all public accessible property.

> -6. For the purpose of this emergency regulation, "public place" means any, wether privately or publicaly owned property, accessible to the general public, including but not limited to public streets and roads, alleys, highways, driveways, sidewalks, parks, vacant lots and unsupervised property.

If this woman is on her porch, terrasse, garden, private property, then she is supervising her property and is obiding to the curfew.

http://minneapolismn.gov/www/groups/public/@mpd/documents/webcontent/wcmsp-224728.pdf

If the officer thought that the order was lawful, then the officer should have arrested the citizen for not complying with the order he or she thought lawful, and a judge could decide at a later date if the order was lawful or not. The officer should not have shot at the citizen.

There is a clear devision of executive, legislation and judiciary branch of government. This action was all three combined into one person and thus was unlawful and went against the Constitution. While on their private property they can do as they please. There was that lady a few years back that was arrested while on her lawn. She was recording a cop arrest a person and the police arrested her for that. The judge sided with her and it has legal precedent that if you aren't breaking any laws, you can do just about anything on your own property. In this case, curfew doesn't mean indoors it means on your property. Unless that is different per state. I am exhausted and just realized that it may be state by state and mine is different than theirs. So ? 
Did you know that more elderly people have been assaulted in their lifetime than a grade school kid ? When a population is much larger than the other, yeah there will be more flat number of victims. An attack on one group of citizens is an attack on all of us. It doesn’t matter who is suffering unjustly. If there is unjust suffering then it needs to be taken care of. We had wars about this, people ! 

Don’t let anyone divide us ! Don’t even say that. The right shit all over Kaepernick and he peacefully protested by kneeling during the anthem. Trump publicly shamed him for that. Peaceful or not, there’s always going to be people upset at marginalized groups taking a stand. XDDDDDDD You’re getting downvoted for speaking the truth. People are gonna say that “well not serving cake is different than creating a media bias.” It’s not. At all. If you go into a store and see a group of people being segregated and treated as less than another group (e.g not being allowed to buy a cake), you will absolutely begin to form a bias toward that group, the same way you will form a bias if you only see one side of the story on Twitter. “Its the law obey it.” I saw so many posts on this sub during quarantine praising small business owners who “opened against court orders” because it was “American” and “the free thing to do.” So many people here were saying how brave they were for breaking the law, now you’re out here saying the exact opposite because you disagree with these people’s decisions. Just take a step back for a second. So my question is, what happened to these police? Did any of them get investigated? Are they being brought up on charges? How often do these sorts of things happen and it doesn't get reported? Why was that elderly Indian man killed and there was barely a peep- are Indians no longer "brown" people? Why didn't the media report the FBI was investigating from the instant it came out? Could it be the media has a narrative they want us to follow, and we're all falling for it? Those hashtags that have 20 names, why have I only heard of maybe 5? Why is this story over a year old and I'm only learning of it now, when the same exact thing happened to someone else?  Maybe it isn't a race thing. Maybe its a media playing the public thing. Jesus retard, who cares about your shit English? You types two whole parahs only about your English and evidence for your shit English. 

No, I’m more interested in your cute national guards. Please, tell me more about their silly tantrum. That's not how your prove your point. There were countless studies done on the matter of fatherless homes. This one is enough to destroy any community. It’s cool bro I think we all can agree our Country is in a complete mess right now and needs to see some changes. I would say that your train of logic is... bumpy at best No ones saying cops are exclusively why blacks are oppressed these day, no ones pushing it specifically onto a certain group to blame.  But the fact is that police brutality against African Americans is 100% ONE of the many ways they are still oppressed today. Racism in itself is part of the oppression.  There might not be an elaborate system from the government pushing this but you bet your ass there's racists at every corner of the country, including our government, and they will push and find ways to further oppress minorities and blacks in any way they can, often under the guise of "standard procedures". Stop and frisk is the main thing that comes to mind, not overtly racist, but it is mainly used to target blacks. I'm just heated over the whole situation our country is suffering through, not you my man I'm sorry if I came off that way. Ohhh someone’s getting angry! How about instead of trying to falsely represent what I said, you actually try to refute it? Oh wait, you seem to be literally incapable of doing so.

You said that I boasted about my English (which is wrong, I didn’t say my English was better or even good), when in fact I simply said yours was shit. Please mate, make a decent argument for me to me to refute or disprove. Literally just one would be nice. And I said your English is shit so you can’t possibly comment on someone’s English. You you this thick in the head all the time or is it drugs? 

Guy, what BS are you spewing about evidence and reason? Go tell someone else how national guards are sweet teenagers retard. Bro I don’t even know who gamersriseup is. I as a black person disagree with the notion we are being systemically oppressed. We were systematically oppressed and that lead to our poverty, but that doesn’t excuse us tryna lead the responsibility onto a different group. In the U.S these days pretty much most cases of racism have been anecdotal rather than a elaborate system from the government. Calm down it feels like you got kinda heated. I have no intentions to cause anybody to stress over my opinions. Private property, you bootlicker. How am I European yet more American than you are? Let’s go Black community, to be precise, black women invited government into their lives. They threw black men under the bus, destroyed pretty stable, hardworking black family and now US have this. It's all started with "War on poverty". Right now black community is doing a fine job of oppressing themselves. Just look at rioters destroying property of their fellow black men. Despicable. Oh my lord, I never once boasted about my English, I said yours is shit. 

Please don’t project your feelings of inadequacy or liberal hate on to me my dude and please try to defend your comment on me being brainwashed. Unless you literally have no evidence or reason behind saying it... Facts matter. Facts first.

Hold tightly to those principles and don't let anyone talk you out of it.

If you are resolute on the importance of truth, you then push on others around you to hold themselves to the same standard.

Be stubborn. Be strong. Never said that. Obviously you're an insecure racist. Go fuck yourself Yes American *slang*. So, you type pretty shit English while boasting about your English. What does me understanding your slang gave to do with your shit English? See? Complexity isn’t your forte, best start reading books.  

Let me tell you, you are not. You are stupid.  I assure you guy. Your liberal hate has blinded you. Yeah and we also have to look at how blacks are disproportionately fucked into poverty and systemically oppressed.  Poverty = Crime and of course they're going to have a higher crime statistic when they have been systematically oppressed for hundreds of years, by a racist system built on making sure it's harder for them to succeed. You sound like you used to visit gamersriseup a little bit too much. I mean we also gotta look at the violent crime rate of black Americans My english has American and text slang in it, but you still seem to understand it perfectly lmao

“Grow a brain” Are you in middle school my guy? I am clearly capable of understanding ideas and intents, but you still don’t seem to understand that I’m calling those national guard member immature. How is that in any way calling them cute?

Also I noticed you didn’t defend your comment about me being brainwashed. Thank you for showing me how weak your arguments are <3 I don’t normally attack someone’s intelligence when I’m having a civil discussion and I’m not about to start. I’ll give you some time to do a little more research on the subject and then we can talk. ;-) The shooter was a mpls copper, not a NG. really? i thought this was the one where the officer said “fuck, i hope i didn’t kill him” Lol! Says the guy with shit English himself, complexity seems to go over your head. Is this this a case of you thinking English is an American invention? 

How about you grow a brain that understands how serious ideas/intent must be taken? You can’t, so continue with more national guards are cute statements ya loony. it’s usually justified, but if we can stop a lot of unjustified ones, that would be good Reeee everyone is gonna die because of the protesters! I don’t normally attack someone’s intelligence when I’m having a civil discussion and I’m not about to start right now. In the USA, a person’s home and their private property are not by any means subject to tyranny by the fourth amendment. I see.

So you don't believe it's a problem when white people get killed.

Go fuck yourself, then Wife was up late with me last night/this morning, talking about this very thing.

White people are expected to die and be forgotten.
That's why these things come and go.

Until we start doing the same shit, burning down news stations for printing bullshit lies, they won't respect us and this will keep happening.

That, or just have a lot of kids, vote responsibly, and pray every day for a miracle. You're getting downvoted by people who don't want to admit you're correct.

You're horribly correct.

That's what scares these people. 1. How about you slow down and make sure you’re properly put your English sentence, it shouldn’t be that difficult if you’re so good with languages

2. How am I in any way a brainwashed nut job? I’d really like for you to explain that to me and not just skip over it. Really defend this point bruh.

3. I never said it was a mental health issue lol I said his maturity level is that of a teenagers, because he’s chucking paint pellets at random people. White people are more likely to be the victim of police brutality, tho.

And on a similar topic, Black people kill more black people than white people kill both.

So if it's purely about police racism and abuse, maybe there's a disparity worthy of looking into.
But that's besides the point, and white people still get a say about it without being told their opinion doesn't matter. They were yelling “Get inside.” That wasn’t inside. I expect the national guard to understand that residents are legally allowed to be on their own porches during curfew. yes yes cause the military is supposed enforce laws or enact a state of emergency to keep people under such house arrests out of fear of their power. Oh no wait. That’s the police that does that... the military protects threats from outside the borders If thinking about it that way makes you support the cause then be my guest Is it not an everybody issue? To be fair cause of death was cardiac arrest brought on by cocaine and the stress of the altercation. Cops need to be retrained. The residents are legally allowed to be on their own porches during a curfew.

This is disgusting. You’ll discover very quickly the difference between the police and military. Except nobody riots when a white man dies.

So nothing will change. Lol this is reddit Wordsworth. I also speak 4 other languages and the chances of you doing the same seem slim. 

You’re the right winger the left quotes when portraying all conservatives as brainwashed nut jobs who don’t read. 

That’s cute, please, tell me more about your deep understanding of the little national guard guy’s mental health and how it’s just him throwing a tantrum. the problem with having the benchmark of the stat being population is that it assumes that there is equal encounters with police among all races.

https://www.pnas.org/content/116/32/15877

This study's benchmark was encounters with police. it found no anti-black disparity in police shootings.

here's more on the study: 

https://msutoday.msu.edu/news/2019/the-truth-behind-racial-disparities-in-fatal-police-shootings/ I bet people will be 100 times  happier to see these cops than a group of rioters burning down homes and property. Nothing new. So what about the tens of thousands of innocent people murdered annually due to gang violence? That's ok right? That doesn't deserve any reaction or critical attention? More people lose their life prematurely due to gang violence than police brutality could ever touch. And this has been a trend for decades. 

I know people will want a source so this is statistical value for one location in one year. Long story short. 700+ murdered, 4k shootings and this is from just one location in one year. This isn't taking into account for the injuried due to gang related shootings. So just imagine if you start adding up all death due to gang related shootings around the United States, the numbers would astronomical in comparison to police brutality deaths. I'm not advocating for what this cop did but this info starts to shed a little light into the underlining issues and how this is mostly ignored.

https://www.chicagotribune.com/news/breaking/ct-chicago-homicides-data-tracker-htmlstory.html

Downvote all you like, but this is the reality of gang violence. “Because all some have know to deal with”, that’s proper English?

Oh lord, not trying to persuade, personally attacking and taking analogies literally. You seem to be what the left likes to paint right wingers as.

Do you know understand that the phrase “adult teenagers” means immature adults? That I’m referring to these members of the national guard particularly (it’s inferred, but c’mon it’s not hard to understand)? I’m absolutely not going to persuade someone who thinks the national guard is a bunch of teenagers so it’s cool. 

It’s called English, I recommend you read a book but go off sis. I’m here only for your national-guard-is-cute comebacks. Ah, turning to personal attacks, very persuasive.

Your first paragraph is virtually Incomprehensible and you’re taking my calling these immature and poorly trained national guard member teenagers shows me how useless it is explaining it to you would be. All my right wing subs I follow seem to refuse to admit this is a problem, just want to minimize the racial issue into a everybody issue. It’s a terrible example to some because all some have know how to deal with any sentence with 2A is turn on defense mode and scream rights rights rights even if people agree with them. 

The national guard patrolling the suburbs and bullying residents into not even standing outside their doors? That’s your definition of teenagers?  You’re insane so this conversation is useless. That’s a terrible example, The gravity of each situation is completely incomparable. 2A infringement is far worse than grown teenagers lobbing painful paint pellets at people. Only in this case there were no riots. No reportage. No looting. No protests. No nothing. Why? Because he was white. I am sick and fuckin tired of the Caucasian race being trampled on or fought against or ignored. If we’re all to coexist peacefully together then all lives matter, not just black. Or brown. Or whatever color you are. Fuck. 2A is an example, it’s to demonstrate the gravity of the situation. It isn’t complicated. This isn’t a 2A issue, what don’t you understand about that my guy? They’re not in anyway limiting people’s abilities to own a firearm, they’re shooting them with paint on their property, which is a whole different issue lol This is in the same vein as treating proposed bills to censor speech. “We know the party will never agree, so no big deal”. The principal should scare you, but obviously it’s more satisfying to watch liberal meltdowns. What’s more scary AF is how acutely polarized this country is to the extent that the right isn’t even outraged because the protests are liberal driven. That’s a rot in the core of country. 1. It’s not lethal and clearly they know it, so it doesn’t warrant the use of a firearm.
2. They’re not preventing anyone from using, owning or brandishing their guns lmao. 

Don’t get me wrong, this is fucked up, but this doesn’t have anything to do with our 2A right lol Just look at this [case](https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gtksgq/cop_decides_to_shoot_at_protestor_who_hurt_his/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) do you unironically think black people aren't more likely to be the subject of police brutality or are you baiting? What? What does it matter if it’s paintball guns? This should arguably be treated with more outrage than shown towards 2A infringement! Its not just black people protesting. I really hope people see that. I am neither fully blue nor red and this shit is SCARY AF. infuriating and eye opening to say the least. every now and again we need such reminders of how shitty the policing institutions can get before we’re made to believe everything’s under control The problem is far bigger than just race. Race is the excuse many of these dirtbags use to hide their culpability.

Remind me again, what party has run Dallas for decades? Have you seen the number of times police have randomly instigated violence during the protests? Adios freedom. Martial law, went through it in LA in 92.

Saw it coming. Riots not protests It’s how they are doing this. They look untrained. Lack of training and lowered standards is what cost the first life. That kinda of thinking is just so insane to me. Like how can you even rationalize such a statement in your brain??? I think fueling both / either groups created tension, which is exactly how you push a competing nation into chaos Oh....he didn’t think that was going to happen?!? Expect whites down burn down entire cities when it happens Libs trying to blame WPs in an attempt to stop blacks from rioting and looting without criticising them is peak retard. The porch is part of my home as far as I’m concerned isn’t it *Chef's kiss* I've read that when that's accounted for it's still much higher than whites. What one race are you suggesting it happens more to, and show your proof because   I think people will be surprised.

It doesn't matter to me, it's all bad. I bet they do Was this done because they weren't obeying curfew? A curfew imposed because were being criminals. The officer said "Stay in your home". Nah.. let’s just point out that it happens ... so everyone go back, nothing to see here It's a curfew, what do u expect, an invitation? All over bully and shutting down barbers and restaraunts. But the riots start and no one is around. Wow and no riots, no candle-light vigils really makes me think  Given I have many family members that are currently working to protect NYC, I am disgraced and outright insulted by someone who works for the DA and thinks these actions taken toward cops is deserved. Please don't let actions like this continue. I search Minneapolis target looting on Youtube. Have fun playing Where's Whitey?

> That's a sports riot, that's different. Could their city's flames been seen from another Provence at night?

Yea, it's worse if anything because it's over a stupid game instead of an utterly broken justice system and years and years of public murders. What the fuck kind of point are you even trying to make? 

I don't approve rioting or anything. But the racist right (specific subset of right, not all of it) really needs to stop pretending people are a certain way because of their race and their race alone. It's a joke. I feel it’s pretty self explanatory. I recommend using google if you truly don’t understand it. Absolutely! It’s just not America when I’m being shot at for being outside MY OWN house is it? My blood pressure is at unhealthy levels watching these riots. Of course they are being tear gassed- they are looting and ruining their cities. You can’t do that (regardless of your skin color, gender, race, religion, etc) and get away with it. It’s the law- OBEY IT! Holy shit. when more people own guns, the police won’t be so full of power and so free shooting at innocent people’s’ homes. I won’t shoot a police officer until someone powerless is being killed in front of me Because they are. They’ve completely created these riots happening all over and then say the right is the problem 😡 No. I'm focusing on someone else who thinks that only black people are capable of rioting when you can find plenty of examples to refute that kind of view. Conservatives (a lot of them anyway) LOVE to find reasons to label black people as...evil, thugs, criminals, etc. and will be utterly silent when they see white people doing the same shit. So, yea, I'm definitely talking about confirmation bias. what are you going to do with your guns? shoot police officers? go to jail for life for killing a cop? >I watched a video

What video?

>Here's another cool video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf5llrEjnok.

That's a sports riot, that's different. Could their city's flames been seen from another Provence at night?  Follow police orders you fucking idiots. What do you think is going to happen when you disobey orders from a group of terrified, riled up police members. They’re using paintball guns, just an fyi. It’s shitty and they shouldn’t be doing that, but it most certainly doesn’t justify shooting them I watched a video and counted more than 5 within about 10 seconds. I don't think that it wasn't a majority black people. I just don't think that people in this day and age ought to be judging an ENTIRE RACE based off actions in extreme and complex situations. Here's another cool video:   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf5llrEjnok](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf5llrEjnok). How many black people you see? People on the right in the U.S. LOVE for a reason to label all black people as evil but will ignore that evidence that clearly shows rioting and other shit people do isn't based on their genes. You mentioned 2A. Explain the relationdship to 2A. Can you message me back ?? Well, that's a reasonable opinion.  I do disagree with it just based on my experience.  In MN, there two elements to murder in the third degree.  You have to commit an act that could cause death.  You have to act in such a way that shows a disregard for human life, what they call a "depraved mind."  So, in MN, the cop's actions do meet every aspect of murder 3.  There is no intent requirement for murder 3.

In MN, a manslaughter charge has many ways it can be charged, but the only one relevant to this particular incident is what they call culpable negligence, which is basically just acting in a way that you know could cause death but doing it anyway.

I think the reverse of you.  I think the manslaughter charge is less applicable.  The reason is because the suspect is on recording saying he can't breathe, and the officer is on the same video applying his knee to the detainee's neck and ignoring those pleas.  That more than meets the "depraved mind" requirement.  And the cop has a history of misconduct and complaints, so it's not going to be a hard case for prosecutors to make that he knowingly acted with disregard to Floyd's life or well being. Exactly They do it based on percents so total people doesn't matter Bro your on a social media I think this is more then likely because the population of white people in the US is obviously far higher then that of blacks, I could be wrong but from what I’ve seen, studies that take into account the population difference come to the conclusion that the chance of being killed by the police is more or less equal between whites and blacks. Im saying what I think is right. You will find in court he will only get guilty on the manslaughter charge. Which i feel is right. No.  Both.  He's being charged with murder in the third degree **and** manslaughter.  Please read up on the case before pontificating, otherwise it's impossible to have a meaningful discussion. And you are focusing on the rare white person unrightfully killed by cops in a sea of blacks being unrightfully killed by cops. Manslaughter not murder thank you Ouch, this guy just realized he’s as important as a flair on a subreddit Thank uu, can u send me links of evidence I can use in future debates Watch the videos of the looters at Target. Tell me if you find more white people in there than can be counted on one hand.

I don't like it, but I don't get to decide what reality is. You're full of shit.  You want to apply a bunch of information that is in no way relevant to the case.  Everything you need to know to substantiate a murder 3 charge against the officer is publicly available.  Nothing else is relevant that would invalidate the charge. You're statistically more likely to be killed by a cop if you're white than if you're black. This whole "it's open season on blacks for cops" is such bullshit and it's blatantly obvious I know right. They remind me of a cult Yes, that makes total sense, and if you question it, you're a RaCiSt. Yeah, happens to every race. One particular one more than most. Also are you trying to justify this by saying it happens to every race? Or are you saying that because it's such a problem now is the time to work together to fight against it? So I guess social distancing is off then, no? You are focusing on the few white faces in the sea of black faces rioting and talking about confirmation bias. Really? Do you know what that term means? Almost as if the satire flair was there for a reason We the People. Rule of Law.
Exactly People not animals and that’s what  rioters are . 2A doesn't contradict my point.

We the People. Rule of Law. Arrests probably show a different story because cops are primarily ignoring arresting protesters who aren't African Americans. Source for those who care about such things: extensive documentation from firsthand witnesses including testimony, video and audio evidence from the last few days, and extensively researched and documented institutional racism present in our justice system. Wow that’s a lot of black white supremacists Hopefully those millions are all of the protesters that aren't following social distancing guidelines. Yeah, Americans know. No ones falling for this nonsense. Its 2020.

&#x200B;

Looks like Novembers going to be a breeze. You nailed it buddy! Nonsense. You do not know all the facts, you do not know all the circumstances, you may not the violent background to Floyd either, or his term spent in a Texas prison. All of this is for an official investigative team to go through. Not you, not the BLM hate groups and not for me either. We do know the whole lead up.  We know literally every step of the incident from the initial report of the suspect passing a counterfeit bill to the initial arrest in which there was no physical resistance to the pushing of the already detained suspect on the ground and the wrongful application of force to a handcuffed detainee to the ignoring of the suspects cries for air.  We know literally everything we need to know to substantiate a murder 3 charge, and that's precisely what the officer got charged wtih.

I'm pretty shocked by your comment.  If you don't know something, it's because you didn't put forth the effort to look into the details, not because those details aren't available. There is no he here asshole The  Second Amendment to the United States Constitution protects the individual right to keep and bear arms. 
I guess you didn’t read that part . Yeah, it's run and staffed by liberals who live in million dollar home, take plush private buses to work and step over homeless people to get in their offices that are filled with foozball, free food, and tons of other perks all of whom think they live in a horrid, totalitarian society so it's their job to protect the country from a reality that doesn't exist. There is no competitor to twitter in terms of a platform for political commentary Ok so let's do something about cops killing our citizens of all races. Have you not seen the many pictures of white rioters? Cool confirmation bias Are... are talking Canada here? John, could you please have a seat over here? Probably forgot to show up to vote for Biden in the primary But which ones burn down cities every election year? That makes total sense . But than people like you won’t get that welfare check and the food you depend on at the end of the month well they  ? O wait never mind you will just steal it . Than when the garbage rioters are shot you will say  its police brutality . What a joke . I would normally just agree with that statement however now thinking about it they limit and set legal parameters for a lot of goods and services that can be provided to a populace and purchased. Usually they have more of a say when there is a danger or a threat to the stability, health of security of a population.

If Twitter is promoting or censoring some information and not other information, harmful biases to a society can be formed. So it’s either all free and open, or it shouldn’t be for anyone. Your right, we should be burning cops and government buildings instead of innocent businesses. This movement has been tainted with commies This is why I love Babylonbee Not all speech is covered by the first amendment, ask Kevin Trudeau about what happens when you continually make false claims regarding the efficacy of questionable medical practices. There is absolutely some speech that has no redeemable value to society, the government already regulates it. It’s not a war against race it’s a war against criminals.
There is a huge difference. We do know the lead up. He did not resist arrest. He begged for his life. He was mercilessly choked to death. Though a jury may have to be unbiased and believe in innocent until proven guilty, we as citizens have ample, and I mean AMPLE evidence to condemn that cop. I don’t know if George Floyd was innocent of what he was originally accused of (I think it was counterfeiting?) but he did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to justify his murder. So don’t go and act all just and fair by denying this.  
  
I get wanting to condemn the protestors and I get wanting to support our police who are actually good people. But denying the crime that got us to this place will not help. It’s just as easy to say what happened was an absolute tragedy but still doesn’t justify this (basically completely unrelated) violent nationwide response. Love it Everyday Americans do not feel this way!

When our Founders laid the framework for our nation, they understood that contention would always be present. Our constitutionally-rooted Democratic Republic (the world's first modern democracy!) is designed to allow Americans to solve our differences without extreme violence.

Since you have clearly not read the Constitution of the Unites States of American, allow me to restate the most important and best part for you:

***We the People*** of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.

**Go away, extremist/bot/trouble-maker!!!** White supremacists they are certainly not, but a lot of them are out of state. No one who lives, shops, is employed in Minneapolis is seeking to destroy Minneapolis and all its businesses.  
  
People burning cop cars of their local police is one thing, but the looters are opportunistic. They traveled for this shit. thanks, there have been lots of cops out to protect us and people had to have police escorts out of our “rich white person” mall, just to be sure no one would attack them, but other than that it seems to have stayed in Metro Atlanta So are we going to be having race wars every summer before a presidential election now, like the Olympics, except they don’t get canceled? Not too difficult with trigger happy cops and retarded rednecks who were waiting for a race war It's a very disturbing article. Good police are invaluable, and bad police are dangerous.

But a single video to prove a point about race is misleading. The best study I've seen on the topic is here:

*An Empirical Analysis of Racial Differences in Police Use of Force*

TLDR, there is a higher rate of non-lethal use of force on black Americans. The rate of shootings is about equal for between black and white Americans.

&#x200B;

>On non-lethal uses of force, there are racial differences –sometimes quite large –in police use of force, even after accounting for a large set of controls designed to account for important contextual and behavioral factors at the time of the police-civilian interaction. Interestingly, as use of force increases from putting hands on a civilian to striking them with a baton, the overall probability of such an incident occurring decreases dramatically but the racial difference remains roughly constant. **Even when officers report civilians have been compliant and no arrest was made, blacks are 21.3 (0.04) percent more likely to endure some form of force**. Yet, **on \[officer-involved shootings\] we are unable to detect any racial differences** in either the raw data or when accounting for controls. Yeah no kidding. Wish we had arrived at that conclusion before it became an official policy tool of the state. It’s too easy for liberals to be validated by people with no stake in this country as they shout into the void. Well, that's nice of them. Sharing the love and all.

It just hit the semi major city where I live too. I can't help but think this has more to do with releasing pent up stress and aggression from being locked down and unemployed for 2.5 months. Regardless, this shit is insane.

I think my family is far enough out of harms way though. Hope yours is too. Stay safe. Pigs don’t care what color you are, we are their enemies. Nothing get by you! 😜 Damn, imagine calling 911 asking for help and when they get there they kill you. Poor guy He did! And what’s worse is the officers made fun of him while he laid there unconscious instead of getting him help. If you read the article, it says the 32 year old was dead. Russia did fuel BLM in 2015 with that very purpose.

Russia does funnel money into politically-active US organizations, in part to gain political access in the US. Yes The mayor is subtly insulting the protestors(?) by implying they can be manipulated by instigators. You stop speaking like a true, free market conservative /s

Agree. We should strive to base our claims in facts where possible. But he didnt die did he? Media is an underlying cause of our divisiveness and hate.  Being in everyone’s homes on a nightly basis perpetuating hate, and lies against their opponents has brainwashed the entire country and has led to the situation we are in now. We can do even better.

Let's turn our noses at these biased, half-truth cable news organizations, fringe news sites, and information bubbles.

Let's return to fact-checked news and demand proof of what the news, editorials, and politicians state! 

Make news great again! I want Cronkite! Soros would. Does he know Jeffrey Epstein by any chance? Brb, gotta go look a liquor store over this real quick. So should we start regulating all ideas? All speech? Why stop there? Why not actions? Food? Everything? 

That way the RIGHT things will get done? 

Of course, that’s assuming you’re the one who gets to say what is right and is not. Because if not, you’re fucked. Do you think a country like Russia would funnel money into gangs and other groups to push movements like BLM into being violent in the hopes that it destabilizes the US from within? It also leads to idiocy, see: Anti-Vaxxers Let em all kill each other and let the good stand at the end that’s the way I’m seeing it fuck those people doing this shit over two assholes If protestors didn't only not loot but actively dissuaded looting and distruction the whole situation would be better and more impactful. There would also be less follow up violence towards them. So white supremacists are leading a mob of blacks? Yes I do. Would love to read your essay. And absolutely nobody has the right to say what opinions are worth less and which deserve to be heard 

That way leads to tyranny Great article! It’s not for government to say what is and what is not good for society when it comes to products and services 

If consumers want to use Twitter, it is their choice to do so. Whatever the government thinks doesn’t matter. The New York Times and CNN publish leftist propaganda just like the rest of the main stream media. They even report Chinese propaganda as news. When you act like this, black lives will never matter. None of you are justified with your anarchy, looting and violence. You embarrass your own each and every day. Don’t be so upset friend, we’re all American here :D The left will always go to a boogeyman to shift blame. It doesn't make any logical sense that a white supremacist would embed themselves and be accepted by these movements. When did they become some CIA double agent? Unfortunately Donald is most assuredly done for..... If you guys got drawn in by the bots bringing this sub-reddit out of nowhere along with the 10 other right wing subs on the front page the last month, just read his second paragraph where he's referring to people as animals and do the general gaslight, obstruct, project protocol This is satire Yes, I refute your assertion.  It's illogical and ignorant.  You are responsible for the law.  You elect your representatives.  Police swear to uphold the law.  They are human beings just like you and can only be, at best, as "good" as you and the law you create.  They are as much a product if society as you are.  There's good ones and bad ones.  

I had to learn to reject your logic years ago because I used to believe it about doctors and nurses.  Turns out they are **not** better, smarter, wiser, or more competent than anyone else, and I have the scars to prove it.  

These cops are awful people.  Scum.  But they are still people like anyone else, and they should be held to the same standard as everyone else.  And at least so far, that are being held to that standard since the one is being charged with murder 3 and manslaughter.  The others will likely face their own charges soon.  And that's exactly what needs to happen. “Is that a police SUV over there? Torch it out of respect for George Floyd.” Making sure the stereotypes continue. That’s all these unemployed thugs are doing. I do know what's in their fucked up brains and know they don't care about Floyd because stealing a TV in a completely different city has nothing to do with anything but their own criminal mind.  Get out of here with the hand wringing, and don't make excuses for criminals. Like she has room to talk. Yup Everybody wanted this riot, they just wanted it to burn somebody else's business, somebody else's home. I don't see anywhere on social media where the mass of comments are celebrating the carnage as justified, because George Soros says so.   Minneapolis (and Minnesota in general) is a failed city/state. This is because it is full of leftists, social parasites, communists, Moslem migrants on welfare and expensive race pimps. The mobs of race rioters are all Democrat voters pampered and paid for and enabled by self-loathing, pussy-assed taxpaying Democrat-voting white people who want to bring about a Bolshevik Bernie Sanders-style socialist utopia.

The woman in charge of the catastrophe is Medaria Arradondo. She is the Affirmative Action hire who is the anti-conservative, anti-law and order Democrat hack serving as the 53rd Chief of the Minneapolis Police Department while its out murdering innocent citizens.

The cops involved were all Democrats, as was their entire chain of command.

So, spare me, dear Democrat voter. We know who birthed this problem, and we know we will pay for it, and we know the rioters will be back to burn the place down again as sure as they will vote Democrat again. Werd.. Oh no...
Not the white supreme persons.
Again CNN has been promoting riots for decades and finally their buzzards have come home to roost. You work for widen + Kennedy? I analyzed that ad for my college final essay Right. Everyone's *clawing and chomping at the bit* to vote for Biden. That's totally the case. (let's sweep under the rug that the Dems lost a district in California this year alone, no need to bring that up even though that runs against the narrative). Hehehe...pickled Lemon Read thru some of the posts... one " woman" calling her ungrateful,  all the buildings are replaceable.  
Like they're doing Her a favor by rioting.  Ignorance knows no bounds.  Sad. Oof You have to assume he means molesters right? Like a pedophile could refuse to abuse a child because of their conscience but still watch the porn. 

Or maybe he is just pointing out the obvious, that some people watch it for reasons other sexual gratification,  like law enforcement, unsuspecting people, or people with some kind of morbid curiousity. 

Both of these seem unlikely so I'm gonna get some popcorn and see where this leads ? Don’t look very white to me. More thugs at work. Here you go...just like a leftist to require everything handed to him.

https://www.usatoday.com/story/theoval/2015/04/29/obama-white-house-baltimore-stephanie-rawlings-blake/26585143/ as an update to what i said, people are planning to come into the suburbs to get the “rich white folks” right by where i live I disagree. Peaceful protests have not changed things for POC in our country. They are fed up, tired, and enraged. I can’t blame them one tiny bit. u/nwordcountbot u/Cyrbuzz66 She is without question a frighteningly liberal incompetent dolt. Hush up and go get your toupee done again, Gory Lori. I’ll just give you a hug instead, liars need love too! They actually believe that’s all it takes. How oddly wrong. Someone qualified would be good, not necessarily a vagina for votes. All of this has done in the left. They just cannot get their carnival barkers to behave. Try to learn the difference between constructive and destructive before 2024. **My thoughts on the unrest in America**

Ok. So we had a cop that went allegedly a little over the top. But we don’t know the lead up, we don’t know what else was confronting these officers at the time of the event that may have distracted them from the situation. The fact is we don’t know much. Apart from a man lost his life in custody. Which will be investigated and will be followed through.

What we DO know is that animals are being labelled as protestors. These ‘protestors’ are not, they are animals. They don’t care for George Floyd or his family, they don’t care for justice, they don’t care or respect American values. All they do care is to created division, disharmony, fear, and they will use violence against the innocent, the elderly, the vulnerable. 

They will do all this under the banner of race. They will try and tell you they are the victim, they are the hard done by. When the truth is the polar opposite. They are the perpetrators, they are the aggressors. They are inflaming a situation that not need to get to anything like it has.

I call all Americans to shun these ‘protestors’ and get behind our brave and courageous Minnesota police officers, and all our police officers though out the country, show them your gratitude for what they do. The next 911 call might be yours and you may be relying on their valuable help and support. Which they will give despite the hatred you may be showing to them.

They are our true domestic hero’s. They have my unreserved support and my thoughts and prayers go out tonight to each and every one of them. God Bless America and #BlueLivesMatter

@ParisCummings_ Hey Pelosi, Maxine, Crying Chuck, Biden, how proud are y’all of your voter base now? With Donald Trumps following, if he thinks about it, he could just create a conservative social media platform and the news outlets will naturally advertise it. 

Another option would be to create a government run forum which could not violate the Constiution. You said that you have to incite revolution and that revolution is never peaceful. This justifies violence whether you like it or not. I don't think the military should step in "capping a bunch of angry black citizens". I was saying that a revolution would never be successful because at some point the military would step in and stop it. A revolution is much more significant than what's happening right now. Peaceful protests can display civil unrest. Riots can also display civil unrest. The difference is that peaceful protests don't kill people and destroy businesses. The KKK comparison was simply meant to help demonstrate that using violence to achieve your goals is never a good idea. While I do agree that the situation is much different, the KKK used violence to terrorize the African Americans in order to get their way. Using violence to get your way will put you in league with them, no matter how righteous you believe your cause is. I support peaceful protests and I don't see why you believe they're so ineffective. There has never been a time in history where you could spread a message as easily as now. That is the capitalist way. If users use another platform, they are effectively bringing change by going to the competitor. It solely reliant on how many people change, however. We also forget that Twitter isn't only used in the US. Suck my what? I'm no legal expert, but couldn't Twitter just update their TOS by making a statement similar to the Necessary and Proper Clause? As far as I know, so long as a user uses a private service, they have agreed to a new TOS automatically. Would it not just be easy for Donald to just create a government run website like Reddit or Twitter? The government won't be held liable for what the users would post. He said as he posted on a social media site. Your heart goes out to her and all who just want to get on with their lives in peace. Twitter should be shut down, they suck big time just like Jack. To make Russia look better by comparison. I didn’t say the violence was justified and no shit the military can stop what is happening. There are many reasons sending the military would be VERY unwise. Im sure you all want the military capping a bunch angry black citizens of our country, but what do you think will happen after? Use critical thinking.

The protestors are not trying to take the White House. Theyre displaying civil unrest which gets the message of anger across. 

Are you really comparing what’s happening now to the KKK? Are you all really this dense? Other countries are laughing at us because of shit supported by you guys. I’m not responding to anymore of you. I expect vermin trolls like you to make comments that make no sense. Stay off the internet , don’t watch the news, die alone... what do you expect? I trust no one.  Thats why I don't like others telling me what I should believe or not believe. Hope they go after Fox next The US has the most well developed military in the world, a "revolution" consisting of these sorts of riots will only last as long as the government is willing to refrain from forcefully putting it down. This means that all your supposedly justified violence will become unjustified violence that raises racial tensions. The American people are the government and the way to end racism is through time and peace. The KKK "protested" in the same way that you propose. The only things I trust are my own education and what I experience / witness myself. My own truth is the only facts I have. 

What do you “trust” ? Well, yea!!!!  Love Target 🎯 Guess you were just lying.... It’s not that hard to link it either... IQ test: they did very poorly Do you trust CNN? Sad, but true!!!! Do tell how many degrees you have? 
Research papers written? 

Forgive us for not trusting a complete and total internet stranger with no qualifications. THIS! How the hell do people not see the left are the racist ones?! 😂 Jews are responsible for the muzzie invasion of Europe, now it's coming back to bite them on the ass. And of course, the Jew controlled media makes it look like it's whites doing it, when it's not. And remember all the fake crimes that are done and reported by Jews! LIES. That makes mire sense thank  you This hurts to watch. this election is going to be a bloodbath Good luck at your antifa rally comrade You didn’t read the link clearly. Good for you. Well informed and racist or ignorant. You’re the number 2 republican.

Republicans cause the divide by their hate. No sense in continuing the conversation though. You’re talking out of your ass. Yeah and now they don’t have enough electric infrastructure to support it so what good does it do? This is either wildly out of context, or he’s the pedo. I do know the history Republican party we ended slavery.

The Democrats were slaveholders, then they decided to bind minority Americans to them forever with handouts, and they make sure to tell them every election cycle we're on your side while never actually doing anything for them. And they do everything they can at every moment to separate people and caused racial divisiveness.

It is they who make sure everyone is labeled and will never allow a colorblind society. You don’t even know the history of the Republican Party do you? The Republican Party is not what it was 1800s. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_United_States_Republican_Party

No one cares about changing hearts. It’s not about racism from the dumbasses around us. Riots won’t change that. It’s institutional racism. 

The government is known for laws that do not favor nonwhite people. The police are known for using radical force on black people. People are rioting to send a message: ”We won’t take this anymore.” It’s as simple as that. When the world around those in charge begins to crumble; the country will change. The people in power will  have no choice but to change. If not, there will be violence. 

The irony is that republican party loves violence. It keeps the money flowing. They are manipulating you. The government is full of corruption, but the republicans are MUCH more corrupt in their ways. Anything they can do to get votes. **iT**s O**kA**y B**eC**aU**sE** h**Es** Bl**Ac**K Definitely sarcasm my dudes. WTF Well....ok then... Hmm, that sounds very much like a confession. Hmmm is that from his experience. Damn How exactly will violence change hearts?

Instead violence sets people into their ways.

You can't make people not hate people with violence.

And if you look at all the racist unrest, seems to be in long term Dem controlled areas. And since the Dems were the slave holders makes sense they would instill racism where ever they rule. Peaceful protests don’t do shit you fool. When government officials are treating people like animals, you have to incite revolution. Revolution is never peaceful.

If peaceful protests did shit then we would still have the confederacy. I am sure many of you would be happy about that. Well that's what Twitter fact checked Trump on.  Their fact checking was actually false.  If you don't care about platforms making false statements (versus users making false statements) then there is nothing to argue. Yeah right. It’s a white mans world. Until you got to prison. Little dick is gonna have a hard time. Fuck the officer and fuck all of y’all racists in this sub. Just mad that your women love spice Yeah right. It’s a white mans world. Until you got to prison. Little dick is gonna have a hard time. Fuck the officer and fuck all of y’all racists in this sub. Just mad that your women love spice Many assumptions made. How do you know how people feel or why they do what they do? How do you know what individuals cares about? Don’t call anyone a “barbarian” until you walk in their shoes. People can only take so much grief. But empathy is a thing of the past it seems. What does one issue, mail in ballots, have to do with fact checking on a business site that is used by millions to share things with each other? I didn't say anything about mail in ballots. This is about people being allowed to spew lies in a site while other people get mad that the site wants to be involved in checking on those lies. Keep to the topic at hand. Google Obama thugs.  It's not that hard. *Twitter As much I can agree they are toxic at many times, they are the only platform for widespread conversation about American politics. Many republicans have come out and said they are cancerous because of censorship but do not understand that without these platforms there would simply be no platform for anyone do discuss and evolve their ideas. On a whim, I tried a binary to text converter:

"Socialism isn't bad"

"Socialism" mean many things to many people. You can see my prior posts on the benefits of capitalism, though I think some progressive taxation is actually good for the long term economic health of our nation.

What do you mean by "socialism"? That’s funny r/politics says the exact opposite. What a leftist minefield it has become. Have you bother doing fact check on the number of abuses nationwide from mail in ballots?  Do that first then tell me if Twitter is right.  

https://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/whitehouse.gov/files/docs/pacei-voterfraudcases.pdf&ved=2ahUKEwiF3OT7pNzpAhWThJ4KHVq4C5sQFjAAegQIARAB&usg=AOvVaw323R1Z6g7oqQd8IbGSLlvj Higher minimum wage simply encourages poverty because people do that and never move up to better paying jobs. It has been proven time and time again that people will lower their lifestyle to match a minimum wage (or trust fund, or welfare) rather than try to attain better employment to improve their situation. Better schools can only help so much when most inner city kids miss too many days and have too turbulent a home life to get a decent education. Bussing programs have helped some but also have shown to just move the problem to a different school district. In short, sending inner city kids to a suburban school helps some, but for the majority creates the same environment there, dragging down the suburban kids more than helping the urban ones. In CA you do get a tax credit AND a rebate for purchasing an electric vehicle... A republican against free speech? Don’t use it then. I guess that’s a fair comparison, but I still believe words are different from pornography. Trump didn’t tweet any obscene images, but I can understand their connection to violence. Moron Certainly plausible. It’s going to take a sharp knife to cut the rot out of this group. 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕Ugly Bitch!!!!! Wrong We can only hope. Twitter has been putting pornographic images behind content warnings for years. You have to click one extra time to reveal them. Do you think this similarly goes “way too far”? All they did with Trump’s tweet is exactly the same thing. WHO this🖕 Because liberals are hypocritical assholes. Time to open a can of whoop ass!!! So if users are the fact checkers, but you can "brush off" others users comments, are you suggesting we brush off facts? Your logic makes no sense. Twitter doesn't want obvious, easily disputed lies on their platform. Why do you think that's a bad thing? Oh, my mistake, it was hiding tweets. I believe that this is still too far man. Don’t understand the downvotes, I just thought that hiding tweets or basically making it more difficult to see them in any way is too far. Welding doesn't require a phone or a computer. Just some some heat and metal. Pays pretty good and certifications can be earned in as little as a year. Live your dreams. Get rid of modern tech. Become a Welder! Nope, I didn't say that at all, did I? I said the police should be *better* than us. I can see how you're confused since I literally said they "should be better than us"

I don't accept you turning me into a straw man, and I don't accept your intentions behind your comments.

So anyway, police should be better than us. End of story. Do you refute that? Honestly So you're saying civilians shouldn't have any moral code? I as a black woman shouldn't be able to depend on my own race to behave? Dismissed. ... the cops are supposed to be better people than us. Of course it's a bigger deal when a cop kills someone. Those are people you are supposed to go to for help Never once did I think it was neutral. It’s a cesspool for SJWs. You mean Mogadishupolis? Ok so pass critical acts such as a higher minimum wage, federal job guarantee, better school systems, even ubi Link? No, your point is that those websites don't echo your own thoughts, so they're wrong and must be stopped.

My point is that you have faux-outrage. Reddit censors people ALL of the time. Hell I bet there's probably a magic word or two here on this sub that can get me autobanned. Why haven't you been outraged at Reddit censoring my liberal views? 

It's because you don't actually care. We both know it. Now you can insult me more if you like, it doesn't really bother me. I'm sitting in my office right now cleaning up after the mess of Covid, some neckbeard 30 year old who's BO I can smell across the pond isn't going to move my emotional needle a bit.

You on the other hand seem very susceptible to insults. The tiniest sleight against you and I think you're going to blow up at me.

Really, you're just the definition of a snowflake. You don't give a fuck about issues until your god-king tells you to. You didn't cry about Section 230 when it affected me. I've had plenty of comments censored.


You are a tool. Your "feelings" that you feel aren't your own. I agree but also ironic when the republican president puts out so many tweets per day The problem is not the justice system. The problem is culture. More black people kill each other in a week than are killed by cops in 2 years. No one says a thing. The inner city culture from churches to schools to the home glorifies violence, rape, drugs, theft, and fatherless homes.   Fix that, and the other problems will go away. Ignore it and blame cops and white people and the system, just watch it get worse. The autopsy found drugs in his system that may have caused his bad heart to give out. Also he and the cop had worked together previously. I wonder about what is going to happen to either their or their families bank account a month from now?  This is a crazy conspiracy theory but: what if the whole thing was a setup?  He took something just before the cop got there that would kill him. The cop was supposed to make it look like he was being crushed to death and make sure the whole thing was filmed for the world to see. The riots were pre-organized and talking points and allies already set in advance.  Yes I know this sounds crazy but what if?  You don’t think they both had money troubles and someone they wanted taken care of for life? 1. I don't care if the president lies, this one does, and so does the previous one (I lost my doctor and my insurance, thanks Obama).  So yeah, people can point out his lies.  My problem is THE PLATFORM pointing out the lies, and then expect to have all the immunities of 230.   Also, did Twitter point out any of the lies concerning the Flynn case where government officials lied?  Did Twitter point out that Comey and Brennan and Clapper lied to the American people?  or they remain silent?  Selective fact-checking?  That's what we are talking about, isn't it?
The government should not force anyone to lean anywhere.  They should, however, allow for a leveled playing field.  If you're a platform, shut the fuck up about your own ideologies and agendas, and just let people do the talking without interfering.  That's not leaning to the right (unless, you admit that most social media does censor conservatives).  
Would you like reddit to edit or add content to your postings making you look like a complete asshole or a liar, just because they do not agree with what you say?  That's my point. Name the city. Nope. New Yorkers let their state get this bad by voting these corrupt individuals in. New Yorkers are the only ones who can fix New York, but they WON'T. Spineless bunch of people that love to talk tons of sh** about the rest of the US. Obama called the Baltimore looters 
THUGS, Lori Forehead.  Go get your hair done or something important.  Or maybe go to the South Side and count the bodies in your own city... Really hope so. So in that cases they would be legally responsible for trump posting things that could incite violence. Which in turn would result in a ban. Would you rather Twitter flag tweets or completely remove a persons right to speak? The President didn't order anyone to shoot anyone. Also still curious why you aren't saying shit about the subs that disallow people based on their skin color Ok so your problem is that the president can't lie without someone point out the lie? So then you're saying Twitter should point out everybody's lies and give up that protection? Is that your end goal here?

You also still haven't answered why you feel the government should be allowed to force them to lean right

Or do you want everybody (including the president) to be able to lie to the public with no recourse? Not the platform.  Not Twitter. Let other users do the fact checking.  Imagine Facebook called you a "catfish".  If a user calls you a catfish you can brush it off.  If Facebook calls you a catfish, every other user will accept that as undisputed truth.  That is the problem.
If Twitter wants to get into the business of fact-checking and interjecting their content in user's content, then they should lose the protections under 230, and that means if they say something that is incorrect, they are open to legal action. 
As to you trying to call me an idiot indirectly, it suits your demeanor.   And "sir" is sexist.  I'm a person of color, so I think you're also racist. Agreed.  And if someone says "thug" and someone else thinks "black", maybe they are the racist I bet his ratings suck. Who watches this hack? Let's make a distinction here between websites and platforms.  A website (such as Wikipedia) offers content and it isn't aimed at providing full user interaction.  Platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, even YouTube, provide a place for people to publish content, and to interact between users (mostly in the form of comments).  That said, all platforms have been conveniently operating under the provisions of the Communication Decency Act:
"Section 230 says that "No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider" (47 U.S.C. § 230). In other words, online intermediaries that host or republish speech are protected against a range of laws that might otherwise be used to hold them legally responsible for what others say and do. The protected intermediaries include not only regular Internet Service Providers (ISPs), but also a range of "interactive computer service providers," including basically any online service that publishes third-party content. Though there are important exceptions for certain criminal and intellectual property-based claims, CDA 230 creates a broad protection that has allowed innovation and free speech online to flourish."
(source: https://www.eff.org/issues/cda230).
Now see that legal protection?  It goes out the window the moment they become editors of content.   And that is precisely the point.  There is a law that protect those platforms, as long as they act according to certain parameters.  The moment they stray from them, they should no longer be protected.
Now let's shift away from potected classes (e.g. sexual orientation, color, etc.) and let's fall on other grounds.  Let's say the platform decides to smear you or publish lies about you.  And you can't touch them because of 230.  Or they decide to tell everyone that the world will end tomorrow and there are massive suicides.  Still protected under 230.  See the problem here?  You can't have the cake and eat it.  There are a bunch of guys making comments and attacking me on this posting because they are know-it-all-from-mom-basement libs who do not understand that their protected speech doesn't come free.    So yeah, if Twitter wants to remain under 230, then they have to revise their actions.  Same goes to YouTube (massive censoring of conservatives) and Facebook.  All those are liberal platforms, controlled by liberals.  If they want to use them to spread their ideology, then do so outside 230 and get ready for the rain of lawsuits that will ensue.    That is the point.  You're either a platform (and do not censor, adhering to standard policies that prohibit hate speech, violence, obscenity, etc) or you're a publisher and then you are responsible for what you say.
Twitter's "fact checking" is editing and adding to the user's content. Twitter is trash Well I think you’re right too some degree, but they’re also banking heavily that they’ll be able to snatch away undecided or uninformed voters by him picking a strong female candidate. Many of the thugs he is talking about are white! These people are dipshits. More like we are REALLY busy because of the nationwide bullshit and how about you don't insult us? Yeah, that's true, can't go on any social media with a bunch of you retards talking about coronoa hoax, 5g, and bitching about people calling out your limp dick leader for lying. Why don't you all fuck off from the internet? Delete When the crazies are out there is no Left or Right. Because it’s good to expand your horizons? I lean left and am from The Netherlands, I don’t even follow any left wing subs because they’re not interesting at all. I don’t need an echo chamber for my own political quarter, I want to see what other people think. Your politics are also influencing the rest of the world so it’s important to follow them. Did you happen to see the autopsy report? I found it a bit eye opening. Not sure if it's true or not. Dang you got me, well done. You're right, sexual orientation and skin color is protected (not sure why you aren't throwing a shitfit about the subs that ban white people). I was wrong. I probably lean right on that ruling, but  history proved me wrong here.

But, this isn't about your skin color or your sexual orientation. You're the one changing the argument, not me.

Why do YOU feel like websites HAVE to pander to your political leanings? (I specified my question so you don't get sidetracked again) some more numbers for you:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cities_proper_by_population_density

Manhatten is 8th in the world. No cities in Florida on the list. He can't remember what he did yesterday Go to loot then shoot. Riots will die down.

And I live in a area that when there was a giant flood. The govt issues the "looters will be shot on site" orders. Probably get a special cell, where the Warden can have a beer with him while watching the Super Bowl. You do realize devout muslims are right wing? I laugh when they label this George Floyd protests. This is far from wanting justice for him anymore. it's been hijacked by anarchists. They're going by their own agenda not Floyd's honor. You truly live in another planet dude.  https://aclu-co.org/court-rules-bakery-illegally-discriminated-against-gay-couple/
There is such thing as discrimination and there are laws against it.  Now it seems political affiliation may become another protected class.
Then again this may be hard to grasp for you since PC and left narrative seem to have brainwashed you that liberals are above the law. There's literally subreddits like that. They haven't been thrown in jail.

So yes, a private business can refuse service to anyone right? If they're gay, doesn't matter I can refuse service. Black? Doesn't matter, it's my right to refuse service.

Or am I wrong there that I don't have that right? Okay, I agree they should stand trial too but still doesn't justify the riots Ok would you be ok if the platform, due to its policies, would ban all people of color?  That seems perfectly fine under your premise.  Do you feel entitled? YOU DID NOTHING, YOU DESERVE NOTHING, YOU ARE OWED NOTHING. It amuses me all the people posting about how peaceful protest haven't changed anything. Which is why they're rioting now.

has violent riots ever change the hearts of people so they don't hate anymore?

the only thing that will stop racism is time and people changing. 

And the only thing that'll change police involved shootings. Is less crime so the police don't feel the need to reach for their guns so fast. Yeah, the problem is the right can't make their own platforms I guess? Why does any site HAVE to pander to you? You're own 0% of that site. You did 0 work on that site. You built nothing, you did nothing to make it what it is.

Yet you still feel entitled? YOU DID NOTHING, YOU DESERVE NOTHING, YOU ARE OWED NOTHING

It's so crazy to me that you want the government to tell private business how they can and can't operate. It's nonsensical He hasn’t been convicted, he’s been charged. There are three other cops who were involved who are still free. Crusin down /all on my iPhone, 
Jockin the *freaks*, clockin the dough Right ≠ Alt-Right It is labeled as an opinion piece. Social media is really a cancer that eats away your mental healthy slowly, try deleting Facebook, WhatsApp or any of the social media apps, think about how much more productive you will, I deleted WhatsApp a few months ago, Facebook a week ago. The whole Zuckerberg ecosystem is just bad and unhealthy, for example: Instagram is just an illusion and a bubble, people live in it and it eats away their life. Reddit too is bad mainly because you end up arguing with people who have no clue what the hell they're talking about. It's now in Richmond, VA too of all places How can cakes be gay sir? So is rape and murder you moron! ALL ILLEGAL ACTS Depends how good the defense attorney is good to tear down that argument. The state has to have an airtight case. That's probably why they start with Murder 3 first. Yup. The cop had plenty of time to think about how he was killing the guy while kneeling on his neck for 9 minutes ALL WHILE bystanders where telling the cops they were killing him... how much more time do you need to premeditate it? I don't think it's cherry picking that a man took a knee to the neck over a possibly counterfeit $20 bill, and was held despite bystanders having concern for his health after several minutes. There are far less lethal ways to have detained this man. It now appears that the cop may have had a history with him and also had multiple previous complaints against him.

We need these bad cops out of their positions of authority asap. He just made life so much more difficult for every professional cop just doing their job. I hope the day comes when other police officers start calling out bad behavior in their fellow force (seeing a bit of that with this case). And apply same policy as baking gay cakes and she male genital waxing Well duh, I hope you know how ridiculous it looks. Do you even have anything to say regarding the topic at hand? I'm not saying the cop was right, I think he was clearly in the wrong. However the facts matter. People like to cherry pick in these situations to fit their narrative. I do not want to use a cell phone nor computer at work at all.....unfortunately those jobs are hard to find and mostly pay less Sure those sound like decent solutions. But rioting and burning the city down over a cop who is already convicted? Your points sound like something someone needs to run on at a state and local level and people need to vote in if they are so enthusiastic about it all of a suddon. You didn’t answer my question : who should fact check in your “less than humble opinion” , sir. 

Ps) not a “guy” - I’m not sure you understand the term  “idiot”. What does it mean to you? This is a sad truth. Our poorer communities need better education. I believe education is the ultimate path to a better life for most. He was fine and walking before the knee. I believe I read that a second opinion is being sought as far as the autopsy. And you took the time to reply ... so???? Hmmmm You literally just described “free speech” 🤔 Imagine Reddit added to your post "this guy is a complete idiot".   That's what I mean, smartass. One of the biggest problems is that people with bad intentions always are looking to take advantage of chaos. The people who are looting, destroying the city, and committing general acts of violence are detracting from the message. Check by whom???? 

Not the platform 😹 Sarcasm? White liberals are killing the whole country. They are only as cancerous as the people who use them. Did you seriously take time to come to this sub just to say that? Wow. No we need an executive order to make it the way that I WANT Yeah I don't get it, everyone losing their shit over a no one who has a radical statement.. who cares..? Or people who are famous getting political, what do you know about this subject? Leave it to the pro's. Initial autopsy stated that, “the combined effects of being pinned down by an officer as well as "his underlying health conditions and any potential intoxicants in his system likely contributed to his death.” So the knee isn't actually what killed him. Did you know Andrew McCabe has admitted to lying to the DBI several times? there’s a police precinct in it wait what? I did two years ago. Next should be my Reddit account. I’m just waiting for one of my glorious comments on R/politics to get an award instead of a ban. the floyd family has asked them to stop, but they are still doing it “for floyd” because they want free tvs It's a oligarchy babey Yeah but that doesn’t mean we have the right to shut them down. Let people do what they want. Just hold yourself accountable to the values you place on others. That's all one sentence bud Yeah but so are republicans so 🤷‍♀️ You aren't interested in stopping police brutality? But muh free speech The klan literally kills people To all those who are saying “dOnT uSe iT”. I believe this guy is trying to say, and I could be wrong, that there is an overall negative affect on society as a whole, costs outweigh benefits. And this problem won’t be reconciled if this singular user “sToPs UsInG TwiTtER” and goes “sOmEwHeRe ElSe” The problem with Twitter and Social Media in general is that it gives everyone an equal platform to voice their opinions. The problem is not all opinions are equal and don’t deserve any platform with which to be heard. I highly suggest watching the full video. The officer continued to pin him down as he laid unresponsive for several minutes. No attempts to check on his well being. No easing of control when he was in full control of the situation. If it was intentional or not is speculative but this officer completely disregarded this citizen's life. An officer's responsibility is to detain and ensure the well being of the individual to exercise their right to due process. That is not right. 01010011 01101111 01100011 01101001 01100001 01101100 01101001 01110011 01101101 00100000 01101001 01110011 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01100010 01100001 01100100 Then don't use it, take your business elsewhere Executive overreach is executive overreach, we set checks and balances for a reason. >but you don’ have the same fear when the President of the United States - the most powerful person in the world - makes a claim?

Firstly, you're putting words into my mouth.

Secondly, my opinion is that nothing needs to be "fact-checked".  It's impossible to remove bias by "fact-checkers".

I see what you're getting at with the comparison but I don't agree that it's the same thing.  The position that I'm arguing is that putting a hard label on something such as "fact-checked" denotes to the naive that the opinion of the fact checker is fact...when it's most certainly not in many cases.

In your example the only way to stop someone in authority from posting a claim is to simply stop them from speaking.  Which is ridiculous.

That naive person we're talking about will need to form their own opinion when reading or hearing speakers and eventually, hopefully shred their naivety instead of being told what is fact and what isn't by someone else that could hold strong bias. This is my view that you find odd hopefully expounded upon. Anti semitism also applies to Islam Yes but NOT by the platform.  The moment the platform intersects itself in the discussion then they are no longer a platform and become a publisher.  Do you disagree with this? Said on a social media platform Did you know that Muslims are people too? That's interesting to say... I'm being pretty objective here but i suppose that depends on whether you're pro-Trump or not. Just looking at the things he's done while in office, his behavior in general, his ability to get things done and lead are all aweful. But if you still think he's doing a good job then that's your  choice. Antizionism, protesting against Israel, not judaism I'm a black woman and trust me I know this for a fact. Or else they would protest for black lives lost any other time. They only care when a black man is killed by the cops. It's politics! Yeah but the Democrats don't care hell they believe Obamagate is a fake conspiracy dreamed up by Trump. Is there a reason other than antisemitism that a German would burn an Israeli flag? Don’t forget that pub they looted and destroyed, which was owned by a black man who put his life savings into it. Brought the man to tears. There’s a go fund me for him that’s up to a half mil already though. Do you believe that false information should not be fact-checked? I don’t know about you, but people who are bad at my profession don’t end up murdering others. We need better screening, higher pay, and more accountability for cops. This keeps happening. That's not a problem with Muslims, that's a problem with anti semites. How about a truly open platform where both voices can be heard?   And I'm referring to twitter/google/facebook.  Obviously media outlets have agendas thus CNN vs Fox is a thing.  But if you upload a video with conservative views and YouTube censors it while at the same time letting leftist videos stay even when their tone is similar to the censored ones but meets the left agenda then we have a problem. Fix the criminal justice system? 100% agreed! 

That would put an end to all these disinformation campaigns, hate incitement, vicious and baseless accusations, fake news, blatant lies, doxing, etc. Social media gave a voice to many who needed to be heart, but also to MANY more who should never have been able to get to any kind of audience. They should be accountable for what they provide their platform as a tool. They have started here in Richmond, VA too smh I can't think of a single media outlet or social media platform that doesn't do this. Whether it's for conservative values or liberal values, there's always a slant. What you're saying is that if they do this then they should be regulated? I guess to choose what should be regulated? If it's not conservative enough? If it's too liberal? If it's too conservative? The moment you try to have the government regulate based on the political leaning of a platform, you're going to have issues. It is an impossible thing to do. Trump hasn't been until recent Yes very much These Democrat animals they dont care about justice they just want to riot and destroy things Maybe they should have burned down the right buildings. They hit the government by burning the precinct, you expect them to not hit back? Am I the bad guy if I say I don't think this cop killed him? His knee is clearly not occluding his trachea. Sure there's pressure to the back and side of the neck. He's also talking very clearly which is indicative of someone moving good air. I think this man either had a heart attack or drugs were a factor. And before you say "man u a racist pos". Think about how stupid the rioters and protesters will look when the autopsy comes back that he died from an OD or anything else besides a knee on his head. When these protests happen based on nothing more than emotion they turn to riots. You'll never get anything done this way. Get your FACTS 100% right first. Good for you. More people need to stop using social media and start socializing. What a pig. Never had one to begin with 😎 Just delete your Twitter account. It started from one person. Karma’s a bitch, eh? One person this month* The beauty of living in a free society is that you could simply choose to not use Twitter if you don't like it so much. It would be frustrating if Twitter were the only option for social media... Maybe someone should, I don't know, boycott it Maybe they should’ve tried something more peaceful? Like kneeling? I think we're going for the deep state is corrupt and the Obama DOJ/FBI were used to target the next administration. Are you mental, you moron? Terrorists should be shot. American citizens or not. Not satire? This is all a distraction to fill up the news cycles and take time and all eyes away from the fact that the Obama administration is going to get in big trouble for spying.  This is all predictable! They are a cancer because under the excuse of being private they have attempted to portray their "portal" virtue allowing people to express themselves while at the same time censoring conservatives and manipulating search results to promote the left agenda.   When you have mega corporations like these trying to politically influence elections its time to regulate them or terminate them. That’s what we are going for here? “Yeah he broke the law, but it was illegal for you to find out about it.” Better than a drone strike tbh Like "why does trump talk about it so much?" You mean citizens that choose to destroy and rob their local communities? Or the people that burned the precinct? Or the people who burned the affordable housing? So, this is true of black officers too? u/nwordcountbot But not the shooting of American citizens at the order of the president? Got it Yeah...if I was any of those three I would be embaressed Please don’t be a Babylon Bee article...please don’t be a Babylon Bee article...

Yes!  It’s real! They’re not banking on Biden, they’re banking that he’ll choose a strong VP Except the dog bites itself in confusion... "protests" Guys you have it all wrong these are just a bunch of joggers I despise CNN, but I certainly don’t want anything like this to happen to them. Maybe this incident will make them take a hard look at their deal with the Devil, I mean Democrats. Best quote - "You're watching Dr. Frankenstein get destroyed by his own monster." Yes Put their names where the skid marks go!! Objectively false information huh? Funny because that ultra-right wing, neo-nazi group the NAACP is calling for an election to be thrown out because of this very thing. Seems 20% of the mail in ballots where thrown out because "reasons,"  But those "reasons" were never explained. Including the votes of an elected official and his entire family. Plus hundreds of ballots stuffed into mailboxes found by postal workers, a lot of people have also come forward saying they never received their mail in ballots, but that they were told by polling stations that they had already voted. 

Every single thing that people have been worried about happening using mail in ballots literally just happened in Patterson, NJ and yet you, and people like you, still keep screaming that is isn't possible. 

 [https://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/politics/nj-naacp-leader-calls-for-paterson-mail-in-vote-to-be-canceled-amid-fraud-claims/2435162/](https://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/politics/nj-naacp-leader-calls-for-paterson-mail-in-vote-to-be-canceled-amid-fraud-claims/2435162/) How do I feel about this? Why does the APD have large war vehicles? Fix what? There are bad people in every profession. This guy got charged. I understand if the protest were because the cop had no repercussion but that wasnt the case. Even without all the media coverage and protests I am sure this man would have been charged. 

I can see where people might he upset in cases like the Georgia man who was shot by two over zealous wanna-be/ex cops and the real cops basically covered it up. That is a problem that needs fixed. Shhh, these idiots think CNN is in a strip mall. It is fun to listen. THEY ARE SETTING THE GROUNDS FOR MARTIAL LAW. This is mostly a protest. It is not, generally speaking, unruly There’s a police precinct in the CNN Center There’s a downtown police precinct in the CNN Center in Atlanta. I’ve seen confusion about this from a lot of people who aren’t from Atlanta. One of the downtown police precincts is in the CNN Center. I don’t think this really had anything to do with CNN other than that. Agreed.   Facts are facts.  We all have biases.   That doesn’t mean that my biases are going to tell me that 2 + 2= 5 Are you really telling me why only 50% of crimes are solved on average magically antisemitic crimes have a rate of over 95% showing these are all far right? Antisemitic crimes are defined as far right. All unsolved cases are counted as far right. You are willfully ignoring reality to stay in your bubble. Don Quixote fighting windmills made of swastikas. Wife of the officer is divorcing him. He’ll be getting it up the butt in jail Getting a taste of their own medicine from papa Soros. This Carma News Network At CNN’s gate. How will Don Lemon ever explain this about his own peeps. Oh dear, Lemon in a pickle. Nice nice Honestly as much as I hate CNN, this is just acts of terrorism toward a company. 

Also the unfair arrests of the CNN reporters. Burning down businesses owned by Blacks. “That’ll teach those Black people!” This is over what happened in Minnesota? Does this post have any credibility besides being an Instagram post 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9535 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8428 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7098 nices**

**...**

**80466.** `u/thomas20061992` at **2 nices**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Nice 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9535 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8426 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7098 nices**

**...**

**250422.** `u/vanchizzy` at **1 nice**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Nice Your "source" confirms again exactly what I'm saying. What do you think does "*PMK - nicht zuzuordnen*" mean? 

You don't provide any source for your claim that 'unsolved' cases are counted as far right, nor do you explain what then the numbers in the row of "*nicht zuzuordnen*" are referring to, according to you. 

I give you the benefit of doubt, though. It actually appears that you're not willfully lying. I’m flattered, but least propose properly first. I’ll ooga your booga You are willfully lying or you are on of those lefties who loves to ignore reality to feel fine in the dumpsterfire of his own making. We are talking about antisemitic crimes. Look at the numbers. And keep in mind that only 50% of cases are solved. Every unsolved case is counted as far right. This one of the ways to construct a far right threat while the real problem are left wing terrorists.
[source](https://i.maga.host/RqWt9lz.jpg) Funny, the few times I wrote my name on women’s undies I was arrested. Because the ones who do speak up are routinely fired and are no longer cops. Literally almost every news network in the States is neoliberal. The country itself is neoliberal. Don’t throw around terms you don’t understand. My tribe truth other tribe lies ooga booga
You’re all tribalist apes. Are you willingly spreading blatant lies, or are you just stupid? 

It LITERALLY says:

PMK - **nicht zusuordnen** (not identifiable) = 6.664 <- this is the number of the 'unsolved' crimes in 2019

The crimes attributed to the far-right are in a separate row:

PMK - **rechts** (right) = 22.342

[Here, look again](https://i.imgur.com/48EVB5S.png). 

There's only 5 rows + the total, it can't be so hard, geez. Communist News Network lol I was told that you guys were upset the officer was arrested? These comments don’t make sense! Am I in a parallel universe? /s Incite racial wars and hysteria. It just might end up biting you in the ass. I just love cnn is acknowledging it happened. But calling it protests. The moment a protest crosses the threshold of violence or destruction. It’s not a protest. MLK god rest his soul is rolling in his grave. Hey OP, you deserve to be killed :) all corrupt liars should be publicly executed. And it also says that unsolved crimes are Nazis, not neutral. I'm not sure what you mean.  It **is** murder, and the cop is being charged with murder 3 and manslaughter. “claiming reverse racism” and “racial jokes” bug me so much cause some african americans (and some indians) post very racist tiktoks, but they are just funny because they’re against whites Your partisanship has blinded you, and I worry that you may never see with your own eyes again. Yeah, it’s just so many liberals there, we outnumbered? It’s a babylonbee article my guy "Peaceful protests, turn into RIOTS" -Next CNN headline you're wrong dude. I live in the hood in st Louis and it's made me lean more conservative than I've ever been in my life. most of my neighbors are too and most are not white. in fact I noticed more and more people turning conservative ever since we all had to endure the riots of ferguson. so you're full of shit you're not as intelligent as you think you are When karma finally comes calling. Some of the funniest comments on other subs are people saying it’s proof Flynn was interfering in President Obama policy.  So Flynn tells the Russians not to escalate and that’s interference?  Less than 30 days left in office and Obama wants to escalate tensions between the two countries?  Really, on his way out the door cause a crisis?  that’s their proof?  So they wanted a shooting war or what?  What idiots. Y'all realize every city is blue, right? And it is so because it has diversity of thought and experience outside of suburban whiteness. Live in a multicultural neighborhood and your opinion about voting Republican will change. Otherwise just stay in your white ass suburb and not give a shit. I know why I hate CNN, but I don't understand why these rioters hate CNN too... Hey at least the ~~rioters~~ protestors get free masks handed out. Lol Yeah the burning of the precinct at least makes sense. I’m glad you said it was wrong because it’s a crime I keep seeing this report from different sources but have yet to see a pic or video of an actual fire at CNN. 

But hope springs eternal. it’s in lots of places now, i’m about 30 minutes from atlanta and just praying it doesn’t move out of the city and into the suburbs I find this view very odd. Can you explain why it “really scares you” that someone naive may see a fact check and believe it unconditionally, but you don’ have the same fear when the President of the United States - the most powerful person in the world - makes a claim? Wouldn’t such a person also consider a claim by the president to be authoritative? Burning down the precinct at leat directed the anger towards the cause of the problem. While wrong. At least I can see the justification of that action in regards to the protests, but yeah stealing 10 TVs and 6 bottles of liquor.... you just lost every ounce of credibility you had. Atlanta is too spread out for real riots. There are gay parades going on? This made me so giddy I'm gay and I don't have it. And I do ALL the parades. /s

I really am gay though. No virus. Fake news. I can’t help but agree with Obama on that one. Please put it in YouTube so we can share it! :) Well, "eye for an eye" is not exactly what we're talking about here, at least not in every case.  I mean, I don't think we shoot a rioter in the face for setting an unoccupied car on fire.  But I do think they should be stripped of their freedom and dignity and thrown in prison for a year and forced to pay restitution.  I mean, arson is a felony, and they deprived someone of an asset worth thousands of dollars.  That's justice.  But, if someone is committing an act of violence directly against another human being like the ones who beat up the Secret Service agent, then yes, in the moment of that violence being carried out, eye for an eye applies.  That's sort of the overarching principle of the use of force continuum.  You respond to force with force, and there are many rules about what level of force you should respond with.  And in the instant of one victim being assaulted by multiple assailants, they have reasonable fear for their life and may respond with lethal force. He **didn't** die from suffocation.  He died as a result of being what we call "blood choked" by the officer.  Essentially, the officer partially or wholly cut off the flow of blood to the brain which made the victim feel as though they were going to pass out from lack of oxygen.  What the victim actually died from was the disruption in blood flow which aggravated underlying medical conditions.

But, I don't really understand why you bring that up.  It has no bearing on whether or not you charge someone with murder or manslaughter.  The cause of death is irrelevant as long as you are directly responsible for the death itself.  And the officer was, very plainly, responsible.  His actions were clearly recorded for the world to see.  He acted with calloused indifference to human life and carried out an action he knew had the potential to cause death.  And he has a history of misconduct as a police officer.  What the medical examiner determines is the actual cause of death doesn't mean anything.  What matters is whether or not the cause of death was triggered by the police officers actions and whether he acted with calloused indifference to human life, which he did.  He was going to get charged regardless, but I see multiple people getting hung up over the ME's report for some reason. I support protests. These are riots and criminals. You can’t just burn down police precincts, cars, and loot businesses Or abortion clinics What about the medical examiner saying that he didn’t die of suffocation or asphyxia? You can clearly see he was saying I can’t breath and he died on tape. So it makes people think they are gonna get away with what clearly is murder. Well the Coca-Cola sponsored black lives matter marches don't do shit either. So shit, we made it! No change necessary! Alright well at least we can agree that the underlying issues need to be addressed! The whole question of whether "an eye for an eye" is the way to uphold the law is a whole separate question that I am certainly not qualified to answer. Lul imagine choking a man to death and him saying you're choking him to death having it on film and that not being murder POC have been oppressed for the entire history of our country. They have tried to peacefully protest (Kaepernick comes to mind) and we saw how that went. Although I can’t condone violence, I’m sympathetic to the idea that their grief and frustration have bubbled over into violence. We need to fix this! Would you prefer we become a one party state like China? Democrats and Republicans are different because neither can always be right. Our political system prospers when they point out each others mistakes, and work together to bring legislation that focuses on advancing the US. That’s the whole point of a democracy. Democrats and Republicans BOTH have become more and more repulsive, refusing to work together unless it directly benefits them and at points even trying to silence the other party. I’m a republican, always have been. But I fear for our country if we keep going down this path. Post to r/politics plz How about the workers of that Target they destroyed? Maybe Autozone employees who can no linger work do to their place of employment being destroyed? Or let's say good cops who actually do their job to help people and had nothing to do with this tragedy other than wear a badge? There is no real evidence in this article. In fact, it’s full of opinions, logical fallacies, and baseless claims. Not reliable. > but labeling them as violent monsters

They labeled themselves violent monsters by **being** violent monsters.  I already have more than enough information to address the underlying concerns, and I happily have those conversations with peaceful people daily these days.  But these idiots burning things down do **not** deserve empathy or consideration.  They deserve to be crushed on behalf of their own victims. True, but they are all being investigated for potential charges as well.  And with the video evidence, I think it's highly unlikely that they won't be charged. . I'm so done with this party. What ever happened to limited government. Republicans and democrats are the same damn thing at this point. They're all too stupid to see it which is pretty depressing. I think bus point was the other cops involved haven't been arrested. Videos show 3 or 4 of them all sitting on him for several minutes.

They may not have had their knee on his neck, but were still just as involved. People are acting like Twitter is supported by the tax payer lmao I have to disagree.  For sure it's hard to do, but definitely not impossible.  We can hold them accountable for the violence they're causing while also listening to their perspective as to why they felt the need to protest violently in the first place. There might be something that can be done to fix that underlying cause, but labeling them as violent monsters and ignoring their calls for change certainly isn't going to be productive. Well I mean it is a private company so they can swing whichever way they want. Zuck criticised what they did but his company is also private so they’re both entitled to doing things in different ways People that grow up in extreme poverty have a different opinion of the police. The police have a different opinion of the people. It’s not the same. Protests against overreaching government power good. Violence against unrelated third parties bad. 

I have no issue with protesting the local police departments and lawmakers to ensure justice, transparency during the investigation, and transparency during reforms to police procedure to ensure this never happens again. But that doesnt give you a right to burn down an auto zone no matter how much justified anger you have. The sad part is these neighborhoods will likely take decades to recover hurting the locals even more.

> protest unwarranted death by excessive police force.
> Why, when it only effects black lives,

More white people have been killed by police than black people every year. There is no reason to racialize this issue especially if by your implication it prevents people from joining the movement. this is the way >Empathy would be a great place to start if we want to heal some of the animosity that exists in this country.

It's impossible to have empathy for the people beating you and burning your shit to the ground.  Violent people committing violence against innocents deserve neither empathy nor accommodation.  They eventually learn the hard way that violence begets violence. Got it! Youre right those are all terrible things, especially when this violence is needlessly directed at victims who are not at fault or related in any way.

However, I would warn you not to jump to the conclusion that the rioters are simply looking to be violent for the sake of violence.  There's really no reason to assume that they aren't angry about George Floyd and the greater history of police violence against black people in this country.  Most likely they see that undue violence against black people very similarly to how you see the violence of these protests: unnecessary and directed at victims who do not deserve it.  Empathy would be a great place to start if we want to heal some of the animosity that exists in this country. Why have republicans suddenly decided they hate the concept of private property? Feckless communists. Y'all are the same as democrats now. Ridiculous. Multiple people have been shot as a result of violence stemming from the protests. The property/financial damage hurts untold people. Not only the property owners, businesses renting the property, but also employees that are now out of a job. 

There are thousands of victims, of not more, by now. Missing the forest for the trees Umm... you're just flat out wrong.  The cop is being charged with murder.  His booking photo was released earlier today. I think Doris sent people to the cnn building to make them look like the victim Lol no its not a joke! I'm not that informed but trying to learn more. The original comment was super aggressive but a claim without evidence is worthless and is only going to incite more argument from people who have different opinions.  If you want to be persuasive you gotta throw down some evidence to get your point across! Wearing masks at this time of hr is really required. 
Protests are part of democracy but safety of others and oneself not to be forgotten.  

Coronavirus doesn't see why you are protesting or sleeping or what u believe in. It only needs some body cells to kill. If you’re brother was killed by a cop like that then to hear that the medical examiner says he wasn’t suffocated and the other 2 cops that sat on him aren’t arrested I’m pretty sure you’d be enraged too. The opposite of what you're saying is true. Section 230 specifically gives platforms the ability to moderate content without having to worry about liability. That was the point of the bill. There is nothing in the bill or in the case law that would cause any internet content service that allows 3rd party content to lose this immunity. It would take a repeal of the law, not a reclassification of the content provider. Are you kidding?  Have you not been keeping up at all?  They set fire to a Shell gas station earlier.  What does Shell have to do with police brutality?  They beat a Secret Service agent earlier today.  Secret Service has nothing to do with local law enforcement incidents in Minneapolis.  They set somebody's car on fire earlier today, somebody who had nothing to do with the incident.  

If you aren't aware of the victims, it's because you've chosen to be ignorant.  Stores are being set on fire.  Gas stations.  People's property.  Federal workers from uninvolved agencies are being threatened and assaulted.  And a police precinct from another area that wasn't even involved with the incident was taken over and set ablaze.  And you come in here to ask obtuse questions.  Ridiculous. To be fair those reopening idiots brought combat gear directly into the statehouse because they wanted to force service workers to give them haircuts.

These people are angry because a member of their community was murdered by 1 cop while several others stood by and watched and the onlookers pleaded for them to stop. I'm not saying you should light target on fire but to compare the two is very disingenuous. Everyone already knew asphyxiation wasn’t the case of death based on the location of his death alone. The use of inappropriate restraint methods clearly strained his body to the point of death. 

Simply put, if the cops wouldn’t have done what they did, the man would be alive today. 

It’s stupid of us to pretend otherwise. I think mask-wearers are morons. The neo-liberal morons ar CNN will learn their lessons now Is this question a joke? But he likes tik tok which is gay bruh XD Anyone who disagree with this is delusional. Nah I agree with this. It was one person for crying out loud. What victims have they created? It makes sense. As the right has politicalized wearing masks and their protestors don’t wear them. See? It's not just in America. Big difference between breaking quarantine to protest... well, quarantine, and breaking quarantine to protest unwarranted death by excessive police force.

Shouldn’t conservatives be terrified of overreach by a militarized government? Isn’t that exactly why they were protesting quarantine?

Why, when it only effects black lives, are conservatives silent, or even in disagreement? What would make them target CNN? They seek "truth" from them. Did they side with the former officer or something? The fact that they'll openly create victims of their own that have nothing to do with police brutality.  They only care about finding an excuse to do violence of their own. What evidence has led you to believe that the people taking part in these riots do not care about victims of police brutality? Having white parents counts as covert white supremacy? We don't have any control over who our parents are! I know right.....huh, no worries Why do we need a "fact checker" at all? Before I eat any "Ice cream" I do my own research. They are wearing them backwards I guess. We used to call unsightly underwear stains 'Ted Kennedy.' Nice to see folks update the language to reflect our changing times. Sorry, I meant to say the worst of the pandemic is almost over. CNN wanted a riot and pushed for a riot only thing is CNN wanted somebody else to be targeted. Its not funny but it is ironic how social distancing went out the window when huge mobs of people started protesting the death of George Floyd. Communists are cannibals. First degree was never a possibility like some want. No premeditation. Manslaughter/ Murder 3 is it. Why would “godless” people want theocratic policies? Something people need to be aware of is that rioters don't care about Floyd or any other victim of police brutality.  They don't care about race or injustices or inequality.  They are violent criminals who just look for an excuse to vandalize and do violence.  Rioters simply want to riot, and they'll do so if you give them even the most ludicrous of reasons.  

Do no let these idiots ever convince you that they give a damn about human life, dignity, liberty, freedoms, or justice.  These are the barbarians. And just like we all suspected, there was nothing whatsoever wrong with Flynn's conversation.  There was no reason to be spying on the conversation in the first place, certainly no criminal justification.  And that's precisely why the intel community didn't want this transcript released for so long. No, but if Twitter expresses its bias in the form of editorializing opinion, then it needs to be held liable for its statements the same way other organizations are.  Right it now it enjoy an exemption from libel that it should no longer have. Subsection 2A is the related section. Arguing their removal of content is outside of "good faith" should be fairly easy to do. Sure, they have the right to editorialize, and they can be held liable if they editorialize outside of good faith.  
  
"Publisher" vs "platform" are conceptual terms, not legal ones. Let us not argue semantics. How does this have to do with conservatism? I bet they'll say it doesn't spread at gay parades tho I thought that was real for a second! XD

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Well I wouldn't be surprised... Sad times. Expected. Predicted. Easy to see coming. Everyone warned us. But still, sad times. 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9477 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8407 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7098 nices**

**...**

**15413.** `u/BranfordJeff2` at **7 nices**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Same. Me too, almost didn't finish my blueberry muffin. there is no such thing as publisher vs platform, 

there is no legal distinction.

article 230 and the DCA explicitly state they can never be considered the publisher for end user content AND have the right to editorialize. No. Please.  Stop. Frank Zappa  1966    [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFVwohXMgmQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFVwohXMgmQ)

&#x200B;

Well I'm about to get sick

From watchin' my TV

Been checkin' out the news

Until my eyeballs fail to see

I mean to say that every day

Is just another rotten mess

And when it's gonna change, my friends

Is anybody's guess

So I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Wednesday I watched the riot...

I seen the cops out on the street

Watched 'em throwin' rocks and stuff

And chokin' in the heat

Listened to reports

About the whisky passin' 'round

Seen the smoke & fire

And the market burnin' down

Watched while everybody

On his street would take a turn

To stomp and smash and bash and crash

And slash and bust and burn

And I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Well you can cool it,

You can heat it...

'Cause, baby, I don't need it...

Take your TV tube and eat it

'N all that phony stuff on sports

'N all the unconfirmed reports

You know I watched that rotten box

Until my head began to hurt

From checkin' out the way

The newsmen say they get the dirt

Before the guys on channel so-and-so

And further they assert

That any show they'll interrupt

To bring you news if it comes up

They say that if the place blows up

They'll be the first to tell

Because the boys they got downtown

Are workin' hard and doin' swell,

And if anybody gets the news

Before it hits the street,

They say that no one blabs it faster

Their coverage can't be beat

And if another woman driver

Gets machine-gunned from her seat

They'll send some joker with a brownie

And you'll see it all complete

So I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Hey you know something people

I'm not black

But there's a whole lots a times

I wish I could say I'm not white

Well, I seen the fires burnin'

And the local people turnin'

On the merchants and the shops

Who used to sell their brooms and mops

And every other household item

Watched the mob just turn and bite 'em

And they say it served 'em right

Because a few of them are white,

And it's the same across the nation

Black & white discrimination

They're yellin' "; You can't understand me!";

And all the other crap they hand me

In the papers and TV

'N all that mass stupidity

That seems to grow more every day

Each time you hear some nitwit say

He wants to go and do you in

Because the color of your skin

Just don't appeal to him

(No matter if it's black or white)

Because he's out for blood tonight

You know we gotta sit around at home

And watch this thing begin

But I bet there won't be many left

To see it really end

'Cause the fire in the street

Ain't like the fire in my heart

And in the eyes of all these people

Don't you know that this could start

On any street in any town

In any state if any clown

Decides that now's the time to fight

For some ideal he thinks is right

And if a million more agree

There ain't no great society

As it applies to you and me

Our country isn't free

And the law refuses to see

If all that you can ever be

Is just a lousy janitor

Unless your uncle owns a store

You know that five in every four

Just one amount and nothin' more

Don't watch the rats go across the floor

And make up songs about being poor

Blow you harmonica son! Watch Frank Zappa 1966   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFVwohXMgmQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFVwohXMgmQ)

&#x200B;

Well I'm about to get sick

From watchin' my TV

Been checkin' out the news

Until my eyeballs fail to see

I mean to say that every day

Is just another rotten mess

And when it's gonna change, my friends

Is anybody's guess

So I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Wednesday I watched the riot...

I seen the cops out on the street

Watched 'em throwin' rocks and stuff

And chokin' in the heat

Listened to reports

About the whisky passin' 'round

Seen the smoke & fire

And the market burnin' down

Watched while everybody

On his street would take a turn

To stomp and smash and bash and crash

And slash and bust and burn

And I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Well you can cool it,

You can heat it...

'Cause, baby, I don't need it...

Take your TV tube and eat it

'N all that phony stuff on sports

'N all the unconfirmed reports

You know I watched that rotten box

Until my head began to hurt

From checkin' out the way

The newsmen say they get the dirt

Before the guys on channel so-and-so

And further they assert

That any show they'll interrupt

To bring you news if it comes up

They say that if the place blows up

They'll be the first to tell

Because the boys they got downtown

Are workin' hard and doin' swell,

And if anybody gets the news

Before it hits the street,

They say that no one blabs it faster

Their coverage can't be beat

And if another woman driver

Gets machine-gunned from her seat

They'll send some joker with a brownie

And you'll see it all complete

So I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Hey you know something people

I'm not black

But there's a whole lots a times

I wish I could say I'm not white

Well, I seen the fires burnin'

And the local people turnin'

On the merchants and the shops

Who used to sell their brooms and mops

And every other household item

Watched the mob just turn and bite 'em

And they say it served 'em right

Because a few of them are white,

And it's the same across the nation

Black & white discrimination

They're yellin' "; You can't understand me!";

And all the other crap they hand me

In the papers and TV

'N all that mass stupidity

That seems to grow more every day

Each time you hear some nitwit say

He wants to go and do you in

Because the color of your skin

Just don't appeal to him

(No matter if it's black or white)

Because he's out for blood tonight

You know we gotta sit around at home

And watch this thing begin

But I bet there won't be many left

To see it really end

'Cause the fire in the street

Ain't like the fire in my heart

And in the eyes of all these people

Don't you know that this could start

On any street in any town

In any state if any clown

Decides that now's the time to fight

For some ideal he thinks is right

And if a million more agree

There ain't no great society

As it applies to you and me

Our country isn't free

And the law refuses to see

If all that you can ever be

Is just a lousy janitor

Unless your uncle owns a store

You know that five in every four

Just one amount and nothin' more

Don't watch the rats go across the floor

And make up songs about being poor

Blow you harmonica son! Why CNN? So Twitter is a little biased so let’s start a bill to try to take it down? Animals? Seriously? Could you be a little more racist? That comment is beyond the pale. Still, I’m going to respond because you need to sit in your wrongness and be wrong and you can’t do that if no one counters you. 

Now to your points:
1. A conviction won’t deter cops from doing their job. Placing your knee on the neck of someone who is under arrest, compliant or otherwise, is not proper procedure for any officer or department anywhere. If he is convicted (and rightfully so) bad cops everywhere might think twice about acting outside the law. 

2. No judge worth their salt will stop someone who is guilty of a crime like murder from serving prison time when that’s the prescribed sentence for the crime. Cops shouldn’t get a free pass because they’ll have a hard time in prison. If they don’t want to go to prison, they shouldn’t commit crimes like, oh I don’t know, murder. I mean, they shouldn’t commit crimes, period, but murder is especially dumb. 

3. Yeah, the rioters would be validated, but serving justice is what they want. If justice is served more rapidly in the future, rioting becomes less necessary. Even MLK said, “A riot is the language of the unheard.” If people are heard, they don’t need to riot to make their voices clear. I read that the preliminary autopsy showed he didn’t die of strangulation or asphyxiation but actually from a heart attack and he had underlying heart issues. Not defending the cop at all, but I think it might be not as simple as I assumed playing out in court. Why? A police officer has never been arrested so quickly after an incident like this ...but the Orange Man is to blame. Gotta love those guys some dictionaries for the less advanced do have pictures. that’s the whole point of that idiom. No it did not Is it wrong I am more upset over the Target store than this. Do you live in the hood? Dictionary’s don’t have pictures. What the hell? This has nothing to do with that guy any more https://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2020/05/medical-examiner-george-floyd-wasnt-asphyxiated.php Keep kicking the dog, it will bite back Nah am actively looking for people willing to repeat it. You may not have read the tweets in question. Or perhaps you don't agree with the tweets. Or even don't think it is okay to repeat. I have had zero people of the republican party be willing to repeat his tweets that come under fire. Nice! Atlanta... Why? At least i can see others ferrets here.
Twatter is the biggest joke. I was booted for a week for saying all pedos should hang. 

You would think they wouldn't be against that. Lord help me for not having the patience to ignore your idiocy. 

First of all YOU’RE*

Second of all, you’re not asking for someone to “repeat what he said”. You’re asking someone to find the links, open the article, go through the article to pick out his tweets and then copy and paste them here specifically for you. All because you’re too lazy to do your own google search! Hops n barley is a bar near me. 🍻 But you already have. Also, why won't anyone repeat what he said? Your not the first to turn down a simple inquiry. Barley and hops. Good combo. It was set up for the insurance payout >Perhaps we should replace "fact check" with something like "alternate opinion", just to indicate there are more things to be explored before making a conclusion.

That's a really good idea.  It gets rid of speaking in absolutes.  I'd still lean towards people being able to reach their own conclusions based on what they read.  I dunno.  It's not an easy thing to solve.

One thing that really scares me is someone who might be more naive than usual reading a label like "fact-check" and think that 100% anything that follows is unquestionably fact.  It just makes the easily influenced very controllable.

So yeah, I like the alternate opinion deal.  It's a start. When did we start? The temple of fake news burning.😆 Lol, democrats burning down blue cities. Thanks for these. I tried to read through all of it. But in case I missed something, I'll tell you what I got from it.

It seems very minimal (compared to in-person fraud). And based on the strategy used for some of them, they can be prevented.

Not trying to be dismissive. Since it reads like that. Just trying to share my view of it.

Definitely very interesting learning about how illegal immigrants affect voting indirectly. This is terrible. I'm so upset I can barley get another beer. It’s like when a dog owner kicks his dog and then the dog bites him The CCP Covid-1984 seems to mostly kill Democrats, so it must be a cannibalistic corona. Well, it's a bit different. It's like when you claim "chocolate ice cream is the one you should choose, because strawberry ice cream will cause severe diarrhea and may kill you". And Twitter then puts a link next to your statement inviting readers to check if your claim is true, in order for you to make an informed decision whether to get chocolate, even though you'd prefer strawberry, of if strawberry actually is safe, too. And think about the strawberry ice cream seller, too!

That's not quite the same, is it? Yup. It’s pretty simple.  They either allow free expression or they don’t.  Once they decide not to they are a publisher and must be responsible for content. [Example One](https://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/hundreds-of-mail-in-votes-already-set-aside-due-to-paterson-voter-fraud-claims/2414171/) 

[Example two - with links and info to other states with issues.](https://www.maciverinstitute.com/2020/05/state-suspects-voter-fraud-committed-in-19-wisconsin-counties/) 

[No, illegal immigrants aren't allowed to directly vote for the commander-in-chief yet, but in vast numbers they can dramatically alter the Electoral College to favor Democrats for at least a decade because a state's electoral votes are based on the number of people residing within that state, not the number of citizens present when the Decennial Census is taken.](https://thehill.com/opinion/immigration/440136-if-you-dont-think-illegal-immigrants-are-voting-for-president-think-again) But it may actually put an end to that crazy mess social media has brought upon societies, and which have made this whole shit-show even possible. Only verified "facts", no more disinformation campaigns, no more fake news, no more wild, unfounded accusations. That would actually be awesome! damn that sucks That's exactly why I feel so divided about this case. This cop most definitely deserves punishment. And every African American, and in general everyone, is justified in their anger. But using looting and arson as a means to express their anger is very dangerous. When we allow these kinds of violent protests, to some degree it can bring change, I will admit that. But allowing a continuous number of violent protests can set a dangerous precedent and a norm that violent protests should be expected every time police brutality or a case of racism occurs. It's easier said than done, but peaceful protesting should be the method of choice. Change will be gradual, and its immature to expect an immediate one. Look at Detroit, Birmingham, Baltimore, and other cities which have experienced violent riots. It was so chaotic and horrifying that change could not take place. MLK set an example for us with the sheer effectiveness of peaceful protesting. Lets follow that. unless you can demonstrate exactly how the claim made by the source is wrong, simply shouting "bias" achieves nothing and just comes across as an attempt to ignore facts you don't like. Someone can be biased and still be right They have to, or their hero in this crisis is a murder and they were wrong. MSM can’t be wrong, they know all. Where are you finding your information? You can have your own opinion, but this statement is very inaccurate. This is so good. What you guys have to do to make things like this sound something near normal. House is under fire but hey, everything´s fine and under control. Twitter was fine until two days ago. But now they are the enemy. You don´t like a bit but they will resist your lunatic He may get charges but probably not convicted. 

1. A conviction will deter cops from doing their job and trying to arrest people due to the fear of going to prison. 

2. A jail sentence is a death sentence for practically any cop. Criminals do not like cops and judges know this. 

3. A conviction would essentially validate the rioters actions and cause more of them in the future. 

None of the cops that the animals have rioted over in the past few years have gotten convicted and I don’t believe this will be a first. The rioting directly lead to his arrest I made a comment on some lefty site to that effect and got pummeled with down votes. 
Convinced Reddit is controlled by communist China/looney left.

...and to answer the naysayer’s, Twitter has certain protection as a medium or platform and individual’s post on that platform. They get protection because they make no judgement on posts, only provide the means to express the idea. 
When you inject yourself as an arbiter of content, your a publisher in the digital age. The media only then makes it worse by making excuses or not even showing all the rioting and looting.  Can't we just all agree rioting is not the answer. I think "fact check" has become a controversial phrase. 

I totally agree with you, that as long as private entities are involved, there will be bias no matter what. People will/won't like the results based if it fits their opinions. 

Perhaps we should replace "fact check" with something like "alternate opinion", just to indicate there are more things to be explored before making a conclusion. That could be the trigger to engage in debates/discussion, which as you rightly mentioned are the way we should be going. 

Take this very thread for example. You guys have had very valid points which I hadn't thought of. Maybe I do have a bias, and I would've off-the-bat believed that having Twitter not do fact checks was just a way to get away with publishing BS. 

But I'm less strongly inclined to that now, and more aware of concerns surrounding the whole situation. And that was only possible because I had some free time and decided to drop in a comment (I'm usually a lurker). 

It's scary, because there are so many opinions on so many things, and not many people would have the time to take that extra step to try and challenge their own superficial thoughts on stuff. We're a long way from building a well informed population, where each individual acts based on information they have understood after thoroughly examining it. 

Which is why I still think it's a good idea if social media companies can intervene. Maybe not as controversially as "this was fact checked and seems to be false" but rather something like "I know you believe this, but make sure you know about this other thing as well" Had to check that was satire Bias doesn't mean that anything mentioned by the entity is false every time. Feel free to debunk the mentioned source and post it below. I wasn't able to but maybe you might be able to find something? He sent infected seniors back into nursing homes and they infected others.

Biggest story on the Coronavirus and the media is ignoring it. The riots don’t help. But let’s not act like people don’t riot and loot and vandal over meaningless things like winning a sports championship. Dont forget all the democrats defending looting and rioting.  Yet I agree the mainstream media is turning a blind eye to all the rioting.  Such a sad double standard. ☝️ Facts. It’s only adding to the problems I know.

I am glad the officer is being charged, but do people really need to riot and loot?  What good does that do? You said it.  They should be called liberal agenda pushers not fact checkers. No, it’s milk you should worry about Explain. Only as strong as your weakest link dude Ideas change guy They are all a business trying to make money.

Also it is obvious that the media is liberal.  I find it funny that they think they are fooling anyone into thinking they are telling us unbiased news. When I joined the various social platforms I had the expectation of neutrality. Lol k That's some stupid ass logic. It's a free world. If you have a problem with this country, move out if it instead of trying to bring change. See the flaw in it? Both of those sources are majorly biased... Ya he is a real ass wipe. I definitely agree the police officer should be charged. However, the violent riots need to end. It’s so disgusting. I also think we need to end the “f@#k 12” or “the police are a gang” bull because we all know the police are so great. The media only leaks the negative. It’s so not fair to people who risk their lives daily to protect citizens of such an amazing country that sit and disrespect them like that. Yes, there are disgusting people who take advantage of such meaningful jobs like that(reference to Floyd’s murderer, he’s a disgrace) and it’s so sad to watch people’s sense of humanity fade like that. But I believe overall the police, emergency response teams, and our government are so strong and amazing and we need to support them. >It doesn't suppress the original tweet. You can still view it in its unedited entirety, if I'm not wrong.

That's just it.  Has there never been a deleted tweet by someone other than the original speaker?  Pretty sure there has.

"Independent fact checkers" also flag things as false based on biased opinions.  Is every "fact-checked" post biased, no, but some inevitably are.  

It's almost impossible to not be biased in one way or another, left, right, center, you name it.  When private entities control what has really become a public forum for discourse things get complicated.  That's why I'm for unadulterated posting of opinions regardless of what the content is.  Unless of course, it's against the law.  I don't see any other way to do it.  Echo chambers need to be eliminated and replaced with free-thinking and debate/discussion.

One side or the other shouldn't be silenced based on bias.

I'm glad the discussion on how to govern all of this is finally rolling. There are no good police officers. There are just two kinds of bad cops: the ones that actually do bad shit and the ones who stay silent and let it happen. True. But like you said earlier, the internet is the de facto public of today. 

Having said that, it does have its differences though. 

Nobody would read through all 50k comments on a tweet, or look up and engage in relevant discussions on their own. Nobody has that kind of time. 

It just isn't viable to expect the reader to do all that themselves without a little nudge. I don't know whose job it should be to catalyze the discourse, but there definitely should be someone. Tbh, I don't mind if the social media companies take the initiative. It seems like they're divided on that though. Facebook and Twitter seem to be taking opposite stances. >In 2006 Amy Klobuchar Failed to Charge Police Officer Derek Chauvin After Shooting Death of Native American - On Monday that Same Officer Killed George Floyd

Oops Yes, but that’s what the media is for. That’s what articles, and discussions are for like comments. I do get what you’re saying, but they have also outright removed some of his posts. I do think you have a good point about discourse though, but I don’t think it’s the media companies job to facilitate the discourse. That's still fair though, don't you think?

Of course, a topic like ice cream flavors is a lot more subjective than mail-in voting, but even then the final choice is upto the reader. It doesn't suppress the original tweet. You can still view it in its unedited entirety, if I'm not wrong. 

Like you said, there's evidence supporting both sides, and it's a judgement call the reader should make to decide what is true, and they can do their own round of fact checking with their reliable unbiased sources if they choose to. 

I feel that as a chocolate ice cream lover, I should at least consider the possibility that strawberry might be better. I can taste it and stick to chocolate, and it'll entirely be my choice and I can be sure I'm well-informed. 

However, if there were nobody to challenge things, I would not even know something like strawberry existed! Correct statement, wrong example because discrimination against sex, race etc is protected by law. If a company wants to hire only blond people or something that is not protected, then that’s ok. Nah, just like Facebook they should have taken the high road and allowed political ads as well as turning off their filters for official politician accounts. The pressure to fact check and filter mostly came from congress in the last few years. If you do that it’s impossible to be non-biased. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R253a2ppiWw No, he is full of shit. He is unbalanced. What has likely happened is some people tested positive, quarantined themselves and simply didn't share it with him, so he is jumping on this opportunity to make them out to be awful.

Here is a story of him yelling at a girl and harassing her for simply disagreeing with abortion and protesting against it. Whether you think abortion is good or not, he is hardly a stable, or reasonable person.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/05/08/have-you-fed-any-children-today-lawmaker-films-himself-heckling-antiabortion-protesters/

Also, you are going to be banned because you are not a republican and you posted this to troll.

Take care. He sounds like he knows he's full of shit. .....cause reddit is a private company and do what they want? If you don’t want that to happen switch to another private company u/nwordcountbot I'd stand with them. I don't have a gun though. Go ahead and list his racist acts and messages. I’m listening. No it’s if they fact check that tweet, and say “Twitters fact checkers have found that strawberry ice cream is better for you, and tastes better overall”. They fact checked trumps opinion on mail in voting, effectively saying that his opinion that they will lead to more fraud is wrong. I would make the argument that it’s a fact, because common sense would point towards that, but for all intents and purposes there’s evidence supporting both sides. try /r/askaconservative 

We think it is awesome you are exploring these ideas and trying to get a better understanding of politics and what different ideologies have to offer. Unfortunately, this sub is for Republicans to discuss the day's events. So posts like yours aren't typically allowed. The sub I mentioned though is a great one because most of us Republicans are pretty conservative or libertarian. Fair enough. How should one validate a statement they see on the internet then?

Obviously it's dangerous to believe everything one sees. 

Who is an example of an unbiased fact checker? The definition of a self-own for this country. So what? “Find a new baker.” I'm out of the loop here, What/How do they editorialize though? Do they just modify your tweet to make it mean something they want?

Like if I tweeted "I like chocolate ice cream" would it get changed to "I like strawberry ice cream" because Twitter likes strawberry ice cream?

That's bad... No one is arguing that twitter can’t stop him. We ARE arguing that they can’t do that and pretend to be an open form or platform. The fact that you keep arguing something different demonstrates your intellectual bankruptcy on this issue and I’m moving on. False, on both counts. 

And, more to the point, why should POTUS be allowed to control the narrative on a private, for profit platform? 

After all, any inaction by Twitter is by its own virtue a form of action & endorsement. 

If his posts harm (in a fiduciary sense) Twitter’s user base — and, thus, shareholders — that alone is argument for action. r/askaconservative or r/askarepublican... r/askaconservative is a bit better and more trafficked though. The Elite and its political and financial establishment consider us as nothing more than ‘human capital stock.’ When these psychopaths shut down the economy, destroyed small and medium size businesses and created more 50 million unemployed Americans, they didn’t give a rat’s ass about you and your loved ones. Why not both? *Checks sources...*

**[CNN](https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/26/politics/fact-check-trump-vote-by-mail-fraud-gavin-newsom-california/index.html)**

**Facts First: Trump is completely wrong. Newsom's order provides ballots only to people who are registered to vote. Noncitizens, including undocumented immigrants, are explicitly not permitted to register to vote in federal elections.**

“Each county elections officials shall transmit vote-by-mail ballots for the November 3, 2020 General Election to all voters who are, as of the last day on which vote-by-mail ballots may be transmitted to voters in connection with that election, registered to vote in that election.”

**[NY Times](https://www.nytimes.com/article/mail-in-voting-explained.html)**

**All voter fraud is extremely rare.**

Studies have shown that all forms of voting fraud are extremely rare in the United States. A national study in 2016 found few credible allegations of fraudulent voting. A panel that Mr. Trump charged with investigating election corruption found no real evidence of fraud before he disbanded it in 2018.

**States that vote entirely by mail see little fraud.**

Five states, including the Republican bastion of Utah, now conduct all elections almost entirely by mail. They report very little fraud. The state is among the six states with the highest percentage of mail-in votes in the last election in 2018, all of which had Republican state election supervisors at the time, according to David J. Becker, the director of the Center for Election Innovation and Research.
Colorado, which has 3.5 million registered voters, has been a vote-by-mail state since 2014. Please read the sidebars before you post. This sub and many other are not just for you to ask your questions to the community. This sub is for Republicans to discuss the day's events.

If you want to know what we tend to think you are free to observe, or you can go to subs built for that such as r/askaconservative or r/askarepublican I'm very hesitant to tread down this path. Anybody notice the stickied comment on every post in this sub?

> /r/Republican is a partisan subreddit

The government pulling platform status is dangerous for everybody. We can be mad that lots of people use twitter and point out twitter is often wrong but once you pull out the dinner table cloth there's no easy way of putting it back This argument will be the reason for the next war between the Netherlands and Germany lol > POTUS is not the first politician to violate Twitters ToS. POTUS is however the first to be fact checked. Now Twitter is starting to fact check other world leaders after the backlash it received from POTUS and his followers.

So, philosophically speaking: *the first person in history to be charged with murder shouldn’t be charged with murder because no one has been charged with murder before.*

> Your analogy doesn’t work because if a politician screamed “fire” in a theater they would be held liable. That’s not the case with Twitter due to their politician policy; which is why I pointed that out.

Incorrect. Any **person** yelling fire in a theater would be held liable for public endangerment — not the theater. By your logic, the theater would have to be the ones with a liability risk, which is not the case in either example. 

Trump is yelling fire, and is getting flagged. Political opinions are not protected under the Civil Rights Act or EOO laws... And those laws have nothing to do with Twitter deleting tweets. I live nowhere near either of you and this banter is fascinating Oh god stop, I can only get so hard. So, do you must also agree that these companies cannot censor conservatives, right? 

The government says discriminating in hiring violates rights guaranteed to Americans by the US Constitution. These right include a right to express political opinion.  It follows reddit and Twitter and Facebook and YouTube are violating people's rights because they are run by small-minded bigots. simple as that. The problem is that twitter started editorializing in a targeted way. They can’t receive the protections and also have the exemption. Losing CDA 230 immunity and federal advertising revenue will hurt. Hope the Board is ready for shareholder lawsuits. None of what you said is true. Your analogy doesn’t work because if a politician screamed “fire” in a theater they would be held liable. That’s not the case with Twitter due to their politician policy; which is why I pointed that out.

POTUS is not the first politician to violate Twitters ToS. POTUS is however the first to be fact checked. Now Twitter is starting to fact check other world leaders after the backlash it received from POTUS and his followers. So the tweets that spread misinformation, which you deemed needing fact checking, are being fact checked. Guess this wasn’t such a non issue huh? Dont worry he defunded them today :) You're arguing that if they cannot police everything, they should not be allowed to police anything? The spin doctors give me a fucking headache. Wondering where this goes from here. ...ALL social media platforms ! Not just Twitter Isn’t it biased to the left though? Good! The man is fucked up and shames actually good police officers everywhere “Nothing he has ever said or done has been racist.” 

And you’re telling me to not buy into the narrative... You know you can still be Republican and not blindly follow Trump. Nothing is a neutral platform anymore. I only see one side of the news on Reddit, Twitter, Facebook, IG, etc. This is certainly the conspiracy theory many alt-right types promote, but never with evidence other than anecdotes. Edited it! Actually it is the issue but you are so emotional about it you can’t see the forest through the trees. Regardless of what he said, Twitter can not fact check and control the narrative while pretending to be a publisher and hide behind section 230. That is what we are discussing here not the content of factuality of his comments. Yes, that’s right. 

And just for clarity it’s her* 

But I am NOT offended by your colloquial use of “his” thank you. Sadly, you missed the entire point of the analogy: **they didn’t even remove the tweets.**

Instead, they simply attached labels to the tweets to highlight that they violated their ToS.

Meaning, they maintained their TOS by leaving a world leader’s posts up **and** maintained their ToS by labeling said posts & providing resources on the veracity of his speaking. 

Thus, by your own logic and admission, are free & clear — they are simply exercising their right as a private entity to cultivate a healthy & profitable social network. 

I **do not** have strong emotions about POTUS’s tweets.

I think he’s a fool supported by fools, and that any attention paid to his nonsense is energy better spent pursuing meaningful change. 

I **do,** however, have strong emotions regarding obtuse individuals who pursue liberty only when convenient for them. 

Regulation for thee, not for me. 

Par for the course. It says it in his username....u/notimeformorons

Edit: her* They reacted to having to wear masks by bringing out guns. The riots going on are a reaction to centuries of abuse. Doesn’t make destruction of property right but it’s hardly a good comparison. Everyone has their own morality and I don’t like dark humor about actual events with actual deaths but you could be different. The thing I meant was that the Nazis are never the butt of the joke. Always Jews gassed, France surrender, Russians starve, Merkel bad Hitler good. Not only is this very unfunny it’s also a pattern I do not like but it’s probably nothing. The rest of my comment is more important. I would add that if the people in April started looting and burning I would be in full favor of shooting them as well and I bet 100% of this sub would agree. Yeah see you’re just projecting here. Nothing he has ever done or said has been racist. Democrats just label everything and everyone that doesn’t agree with them racist. 

Don’t buy into the narrative. Saw you mention dark humor before. Shit. I'd make a holocaust joke every know and then. Dark humor. But that's just that humor.

My favorite being... my grand father died in Auschwitz.

Shocked faces..

Yeah.. he fell off the guard tower.

Does not mean i hate jews. Just shits and giggles.
But it's all fun untill someone giggles and shits i gues.
Place and time for everything i gues.

Not saying no german is an anti semite. Just notice it way more from muslim immigrants. It's no diffrent in the Netherlands. Came here to say exactly this.  OP needs to find better news sources. I am joking don’t get all mad. I live in Germany 10 mins from the Border to the Netherlands. So use another platform. Reddit doesn’t have to have you either. Break a TOS and you’re out. How is that hard to understand? First of all. How am i talking shit about germany? And even if i was. Why cant i? I live 5 mins from the german border. >TL;DR: Get of POTUS’s dick.

I see that you have strong emotions about the contents of POTUS’s tweets; let me make this clear, I’m not justifying what POTUS tweeted. My concern is what type of precedents this creates. If you can’t take a step back and see the big picture I can’t help you.

And for your whole screaming fire in a theater speech. POTUS violated Twitter’s ToS with his tweets. However Twitter has a policy in place to not remove posts that violate their ToS if the person is a world leader. Any other person screaming “fire” would have had their tweet removed. Let the media fact check POTUS and other politicians instead of Twitter. Everyone knows Twitter blows. Twitter fact checker has no real friends, was bullied for being a virgin through college, and got tired of calling his mommy to fix all his problems, so now if you dont think exactly like he does, you're not allowed to play on his platform.

I am a credible source. Oh, you mean THAT part of the political spectrum that they don't fact check. Nothing to do with middle-easterners. But since we’re on the subject I think you’ll find it amusing that one of the US’s oldest allies (besides france) was the kingdom of morroco and the several ARAB and NON CHRISTIAN nations along the barbary coast. Time to stop pretending  reddit and all of social media are neutral.  I'm starting to think all of social media is a cancer on the planet for healthy societies The title is entirely spin, in the article he says he want to continue wearing a mask to "protect himself and others" and ALSO as a symbol. Which makes sense. And from the beginning officials have been saying that a second wave isn't inevitable. Scientists dont say shit like 
"this is going to happen 100%" because that is bad science. You can do church services from home. It's really easy and probably costs little for churches to do (my experience has every church I've been to with at least some sort of production infrastructure in place for music or presentations or whatnot. I won't say every church has it, but if most random people with internet access can toss together a basic stream with crap lying around the house I'll say it's possible for most churches ).

God calls for us to care for our neighbors. He calls for us to look after others. We are at 100k deaths that are confirmed. That's 30x 9/11. God wants us to care for those sick and dying.

Please care about everyone around you and worship from home. God can hear and see everything. He knows what's in your heart. Please worship from home and save your communities. The sooner we fight spread instead of each other the sooner we can go back to services without having to be fearful of getting sick or hurting others. You can’t talk shit about Germany in this topic you from the Netherlands lmao. I live in Germany and I definitely have a different experience. I hear a lot of Germans bad mouthing Jews but behind closed doors and especially the Internet. There are is so much nazi scum in YouTube comment sections and Facebook. Also Germans make a lot Nazi jokes wich most of time are about the Holocaust. I don’t who you mean with “workforce”? Do you mean the actually imported workforce like Turks and Bulgarians or do you mean the refugees? Turks bad mouth Turks and Bulgarians bad mouth all different  ethnicity groups of their country their not part of. The refugees are mostly Muslim and sadly Muslims and Jews don’t get along very well here. Probably a good percentage of their youth uses Jew as an insult. I never heard a Muslim say that he wants to kill a Jew but it’s in the media a lot so I have seen a lot of videos of it. I think I just got lucky and never heard someone say it. yes they can because the "publisher vs public forum" debate doesnt exist.

 [https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20190613/03172142391/once-more-with-feeling-there-is-no-legal-distinction-between-platform-publisher.shtml](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20190613/03172142391/once-more-with-feeling-there-is-no-legal-distinction-between-platform-publisher.shtml) 

Here is section 230:

 [https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/47/230](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/47/230)   


They are a business and reserve the right to moderate. There is not a single statute or law that says  what you are claiming. I’m surprised a member of this subreddit would be happy to see their voiced silenced by members of another political party. I’m trying to stop discrimination here.

Your view literally means republicans lose their voice on the largest media outlets in the world. MSM is against Republicans, social media is against Republicans, and the most vocal voices are against Republicans since Republicans are busy living their lives. 

I personally believe an opinion like yours will lead to the end of the Republican Party. If you’re fine with that, that’s you. They're already stamping down on any type of speech they disagree with. Remember when Reddit removed any posts telling the real story about Coronavirus/Hong Kong's protests? Probably still happens but it just isnt news anymore. You might believe this utopia where speech is allowed to be softly regulated but that hasn't been the case for a long time, now they're being held accountable for their actions

I'd prefer Twitter and any other platform allowed all forms of speech and let the court of public opinion filter out the nonsense instead of holding a bias and acting as a publisher and using it while masquerading as a neutral platform Violating ToS, which is why they built their own platform.  


Thats 1A working as intended. Reddit isnt Congress. Yep Oh that's right I forgot about all the middle-eastern forefathers that founded this country alongside us. I'm just trying to clarify, not trying to make it complicated. I'm just surprised that a member of this subreddit would want to give the government power over social media. Ya sure on this particular issue you view it was government ensuring freedom of speech, but given the power you know it's going to be abused and used for purposes beyond the good intentions. Think the patriot act and any other government power grab. Government forcing private companies to do things is not really ever that great of an idea, and you freely throw it out there without second though to the consequences. Twitter is not alone And yet you call your opposition godless, and yet you wish to write your religeous beliefs into law, and yet you value belief in god over individual rights and freedoms. Sounds to me like a christian sharia law, but hey what do I know? grabs popcorn once the order was signed when you look up sociopath in the dictionary, that’s the picture you see Calling a group not real Americans for not believing in God is one of the least American/religious things I've read in a while. Ask your church leader how they feel about that thought. social media is a failed experiment in humanity no shit Wow he actually said that Mind expanding on that? Biden is fighting for mail in voting to expand voter input. What oppression is he doing? I'm not challenging you on this, genuinely asking. Crickets and death threats. Personally a fan of arresting someone that breaks the law instead of killing them. To be fair, the Democrats are pretty pissed and embarrassed about this one. Do we get to see r/politics go down in flames now? Agreed wherever looting and riots occur that necessary action must be taken. But there is a much better way he could’ve phrased it that wouldn’t result in his tweet being censored without mention of an empty threat. And personally I do think race has a little to do with it here, I think that if the protestors with guns back in April began looting and rioting, he wouldn’t be calling them thugs and threatening to kill them. Amen.  The Godless left will do everything in their power to keep real Americans from praying and going to church.  If it was up to them we'd probably have Sharia law embedded in our laws and culture. I think they shouldn’t be allowed to censor politics views they don’t like. It’s pretty simple here. 
