Downtown or Santa Monica or something? I don't live in USA. I'm from Europe. But seeing how cops have been acting in these protests... yes, in my opinion that is a strong reason to tear down your institutions, because for you it might be nothing, but seeing your friends beaten up for no reason, shot with rubber bullets, teae gaa bombs in the face. I'm agains looting businesses though. But institutions? Yeah! I mean if you *want* to see, you have a lot of proof around, which shows how cops are abusing their power, how they always are the initiators to start  beating protesters. Cops also have attacked journalists, random citizens etc etc. You may say but there are violent protesters as well. Yes there are, but you rarely see cops to attack looters. Now all of this is happening in front of cameras. Imagine what they have done when there wasn't any camera around these past 20 years.  In my opinion the whole 'police system' in USA needs to be reformed. And I'm really happy that people finally woke up! they are not the same, one is a toy!!!!!!!!! Source? Jesus, this topic has been researched and studied for decades with tons of data collected. To pretend it's just a myth is literally part of the problem

https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/05/29/heres-why-we-dont-see-protests-when-police-unjustly-kill-white-people/ not a lib i own guns and would use them i just dont want the sheriff all excited about it Another libturd spewing shit out his face. Being that antifa is also not a organised group you cant label them as terrorists, not even domestic terrorists. Socialists/Anarchists? probably yes. I want to have an open conversation, I’m open to your thoughts. Go into detail if u have the time. I’m not here to lionize anyone. I respect you and want more people to understand that the right aren’t like how the media can portray them to be. My ears are open for anyone who is willing to speak with me ♥️ Is there a source for this that I can show people? Its also worth not believing everything you hear, take it with a pinch of salt.

It might be true that the people looting are Antifa followers or supporters, but it also might not be them, it could just be desperate people taking advantage of a city that law system no longer is functioning to stop them from breaking into a store and taking stuff in there. No. Does this give a reason to tear down our institutions? But there are no leaders of antifa? its just a idea/movement True, I wonder how this scales for all arrests. Also I'd love to see the data source Does this make cops less bad ? Well if so many of you knew this already then why are you not talking about it? I’ve checked more than a dozen conservative/republican forums on reddit and its like the only thing you guys are focused on is protesting lockdowns aimed at curbing a deadly virus and only turn your head when protests become violent and whenever a police officer gets hurt but what about the murder of innocent people of color? You act like you agree but stay completely silent and support a president who encourages racism. You’re not fooling anyone. These examples are nowhere near the same. Watch the full [video](https://youtu.be/CDBLGYd4AMY) and judge for yourself. Yea I agree I can definitely see where they are coming from, it’s sad some decided to do it in a bad way Kaitlyn Bennet brought an AR-10 to her graduation and Tamir Rice was fatally shot for a toy gun.

Edit: I see this comment is not well favored and apologize to those offended. My point was to present to everyone what racial disparity can look like. He had dire consequences brought to him unlike her where as she was able to walk away with her life. Don’t quote me but Tamar was killed for being “armed” however the same did not apply to Kaitlyn. I hope everyone is doing okay x But he didn’t commit a violent crime... The bricks arent for throwing. It's a tactic from the Hong Kong protests used to impede the movement of law enforcement. Project Veritas is an American right-wing activist group.[1][2][3][4] The group uses "disguises and hidden cameras to uncover supposed liberal bias and corruption".[1] The group is known for producing deceptively edited videos about media organizations and left-leaning groups.[5][2][6][7][8][9][10] In a 2018 book on propaganda and disinformation in U.S. politics, three Harvard University scholars refer to Project Veritas as a "right-wing disinformation outfit".[11]”

I didn’t even have to look this up to know what it was immediately. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Veritas


Project Veritas founder is James O'Keefe. 

James O'Keefe

“James Edward O'Keefe III (born June 28, 1984) is an American conservative political conspiracy theorist and provocateur.[2][3] He produces secretly recorded undercover audio and video encounters in academic, governmental, and social service organizations, purporting to show abusive or allegedly illegal behavior by employees and/or representatives of those organizations.[4] He has selectively edited videos to misrepresent the context of the conversations and the subjects' responses, creating the false impression that people said or did things they did not.[5][6][7][8][9]”


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_O%27Keefe

This took 3 minutes. Weren’t you just bashing conspiracy theorists?

Edit: click links and then the numbered references to see more sources All I can say is the 1965 immigration change was one of the worst things to ever happen to the country. Fair enough Weak argument. You claim groups of "academics" hold this opinion but don't name any. Instead you reference your friend. I've got crazy friends who claim to be conservatives, want to hear some of their crackpot theories? His ruling was also made based on facts, no? He stated “multiple fractures in Epstein’s neck were more consistent with homicide by strangulation and rarely seen in suicide by hanging.” I found that this examination matched the rest of the evidence more than the original “he just hung himself” excuse. Project veritas already warned us you brainlet -

https://youtu.be/apDe89rMEjo

From antifas mouth under cover. 

Who am I kidding.. I’m speaking to antifa right now you only care to subvert not the truth. But at least the rest can see you are full of shit. Yeah so they have targeted police officers and people pointing deadly weapons at them have been mobbed. 

What does that have to do with the homeless? We all know infowars loves a good headline.

You contribute to the disinformation campaign weighing a war on the country and you don’t question any of the sources or the narratives. Just because something seems like “it might be true” lmao doesn’t make it true. 

Wrong and strong. I don’t even have anything else to say to you like if you can’t even consider the possibility that some information you thought was true is actually false then this isn’t even worth having because it’s like it’s truly brain dead behavior. Surely his trustworthyness should come from his ruling being based on facts, not their opposition to powerful people. If they come to the suburbs they are risking getting shot > I watch all sources. When I see a police officer in intentional hit and runs... people beaten to a pulp in ICU... apartment blocks burning down..
> I’m sorry some idiot in the internet has a conspiracy theory why they burnt a mattress they found, when they are burning property across the USA....
> You’re a real brainlet. I watch all sources. When I see a police officer in intentional hit and runs...  people beaten to a pulp in ICU...  apartment blocks burning down.. 

I’m sorry some idiot in the internet has a conspiracy theory why they burnt a mattress they found, when they are burning property across the USA.... 

You’re a real brainlet. Because he had no problem disregarding the ruling that extremely powerful, corrupt people wanted him to make. 

If you have a baseline-level IQ, you can easily come to the conclusion that Epstein was taken out blatantly and obviously. The only person to come out and directly oppose this cover-up, and instead, complete an unbiased examination, was him. It’s just my opinion. If this gets brigaded I'll sticky it. If Antifa really exists at all, it would have to be a very minor portion of any larger group. 

Seriously, try to join up and I bet you anything you can’t even find them to try. At most, it’s a small group of pissed off people venting frustration on the internet. There is no leadership. They have no people that are obviously followers trying to push some organized agenda. It’s just a conspiracy theory.

Edit: just read through your link. In that it is basically just lumping any person or small, disassociated group that is violently opposed to racist groups as antifa. That doesn’t make them a real group, just a descriptor. How much critical thinking do you lack to not even question your sources? How brainwashed do you need to be to trust infowars, which would sell you piss in a can and call it hold if they could make money off it.

Like the rioters have been destructive, but I’ve only seen video of them attacking cops and people pointing arrows and swords. 

The fact that infowars staff did a live feed of this just to create this headline is a disturbing low. I agree there are issues, but what are those issues? For give the length of this, but it is important we have specificity in our discussions right now. I agree we have a lot of issues, but the issues presented by BLM are not accurate. And with respect, being an Australian, I doubt you have looked at our crime statistics so I'd like to share some with you as well as some videos. These are things the media never reports. The media show one bad shooting, they don't show all the other ones that were entirely justified.

The overarching argument BLM puts forth is rather vague but it essentially states that black people are discriminated against which leads to them being disproportionately killed by or harassed by cops.

In [this report](https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/) we see the numbers of people shot by police the past few years. Now the population of the US is about 73% white to 13% black. So about 5.6 to 1. In this report we see that white people are shot by cops as compared to black people at a rate of 2 to 1. We would expect it to be 5.6 to 1 if all things are proportional. But should the proportion be against the population percentage or against the amount of crime being committed? Now, let's not worry about why one group commits more crime than another group, but clearly if black Americans committed more crime than white Americans, then we would expect to see more arrests of black Americans, which would naturally lead to more incidents with cops shooting someone (by the way, the vast vast majority of these shootings are by the book in which the cop was defending him or herself, or other civilians).

So to reiterate, by population, the number of black people shot by cops is disproportionate. But let's look at the rates of crime committed by race (we can talk about why these rates are what they are but for now let's just look at the rates).

According to the [FBI chart on arrests by race and by crime](https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2017/crime-in-the-u.s.-2017/tables/table-43), we can see some rather telling numbers.

* White people arrested for total crimes was 5.6 million, for black people it 2.2 million. Again, the population ratio of white to black is 5.6 to 1. So per capita, Black Americans commit 2.2 times the number of crime as white people. 
* For manslaughter and non-negligent homicide (so intentional killing) - white Americans were arrest 4,188 times, Black people 5,025 times. Again, the population ratio is 5.6 to 1 white to black. Here the ratio is 4.1 to 5, white to black.
* Rape is about 12 to 5 white to black. Again that population is 5.6 to 1, so if 12,000 rapes were committed by white people, you would expect about 2,000 rapes by black people. We see over double what we should expect.

Go down the list. Except for maybe arson, black people are committing more crime than you would expect based on the population ratio. None of this means black people are bad people or something, I agree with you, there is clearly an issue. But is it racist cops? Is it racist white folks?

Now some of those crimes can be explained away slightly. Black people get in trouble gambling more perhaps in part because they tend to be poorer and can't make it to casinos. That is what the left would say. But what they also don't tell you is that one of the reasons that happens is because that illegal gambling often happens outside. When I lived in Brooklyn, I would see it happening a lot. Is that cops being racist or is that their choice? The left will claim that white kids smoke just as much pot but don't get arrested for it. Maybe so, but a lot of times a person is caught committing a crime AND they have weed on them. But then the stats are not communicated properly, so it sounds like you have all these people in jail just for weed possession, when it was likely it was another charge AND possession. Cops rarely give a shit if you are puffing a joint, but if you're puffing a joint and trespassing? They'll enter a charge of possession.

[Here is a long survey study](https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cv18.pdf) about violence in the US in 2018. I won't break it all down, but table 14 shows the number of times each race was victimized and then shows what percentage of those crimes were perpetrated by each race. So you see the number of white victims and then how many of those incidents were cause by white people, black people, Hispanic people, etc. So I took those numbers and did the math.

Black on White violence: ~530,000 incidents
Black on Black violence: ~392,000 incidents
White on Black violence: ~ 56,394 incidents
White on White violence: ~2,220,000 incidents

Again, there are 5.6 times more white people in the US than black people. The story we see here is that white people do not victimize black people nearly as much as the media portrays. Keep this in mind, White people are violent far more often to themselves than they are to black people. Black people are actually MORE likely to hurt a white person than a fellow black person.

Also, based on those statistics note this. White on black violence is a fraction of black on white violence. There are almost 10 times the number of black on white violence incidents as there are white on black incidents.

Finally, I want to show you two videos. [This one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfi3Ndh3n-g) is a BLM protester going through some police training to see how fast cops have to make decisions. This does not at all excuse the death of George Floyd, that was a very different incident. But when you look at police shootings, this video should show you why the vast majority of them happen. Think about the split second it takes to figure out if a person has a gun or not. And if someone is stupid enough to make a sudden move or try to attack the cop and the cop has to fire to protect himself, the media will say "A cop shot an unarmed man today." So they play that on the news, meanwhile highest cops in charge of reviewing it let the cop off because it was by the book. Suddenly because of media's bad reporting you have population who thinks the cop just shot an innocent unarmed man for no reason and that the police just let him off. The truth is the cop was being threatened and probably waited until the last possible second to shoot.

[This video is a horrific one that shows the dangers American cops face every day](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=YQLOmfx8X_E&feature=emb_logo). The young man was pulled over for intoxication, the cops put him through the test, and then you see what happens. Note that the young man didn't resist arrest at first. Note how hard it was to subdue this person. Notice how the cops didn't start with guns. They escalated from their hands, to a taser, then to hands again. They didn't shoot until they were fired upon. IF an arrest goes bad, which most do not, it is so rarely the cop who messed it up.

Yes, things need to change, but what in that video should change? ‘Peaceful’ You're spinning this way to hard. It's really very simple. 60% of Democrat congressmen voted for the 1964 Civil Rights Act. 76% of Republicans voted for it. As the Democrats were in charge at the time, they couldn't have passed the Civil Rights act on their own. They needed Republican help and support. 

And by the way, Barry Goldwater voted against it because he thought the act was unconstitutional. And for no other reason. No, the issue is that Leftist, racist and anarchist organizations, such a ANTIFA and BLM are taking advantage off the rioting and people being gullible enough to believe their fairytale stories.

Right is the way to freedom. That simple. After all, the Republican Party IS the anti-Slavery party. That includes "mental-slavery" as well. As in victim blaming too. You do know that really sus tweets were posted claiming that it was black folks doing this, right? That protestors at the event reported that the people doing this came and left after burning things and recording themselves doing it? Do just the bare minimum of contextualizing research. Shocking failure. Shocking display of incompetence. Shocking disregard for the people of MI When does Antifa EVER identify itself openly? The only way to know is by checking two prerequisites: What the crowd claims to fight for and their methods.

But you're going as far as claiming they don't exist, which is mind boggling. They have their own black and red flag. It is an officially recognized group.

https://www.adl.org/resources/backgrounders/who-are-antifa So what came first? Chicken or the egg? The looters and rioters are dirty opportunists and yes, they ruin things for everyone. Their existence is however, not even in the slightest, an excuse for police to use violence against those who are not looters or rioters.  It is reasonable to have some understanding if people get caught in the crossfire when there are thousands of people and they try to stop rioters. Using violence when no rioting or looting is even close is indefensible, trying to justify that is nothing other than bootlicking and a big part of why the problem has grown to the size it is today. Neither is ANTIFA. Honestly, it is just a Boogieman group with no known leaders or members and is just used to scare people and drive a wedge between Americans. Does anyone wish the The Purge was real? I really do! I guarantee real American could deal with this situation in one night and without all the Liberals oppressing our freedoms to deal with the terrorist. We do blame that and them. 

They will find you. They will call you to task. You will be found as the terrorists you are. > The amount of brainwashing and cognitive dissonance you need to see a live clip Footage and multiple similar shows of destruction... and then sieve reality from fiction based on the brand added at bottom right corner.
> Are people like you born stupid? What’s the issue? https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gta5qg/dc_police_sending_officers_dressed_like_antifa_to/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf The amount of brainwashing and cognitive dissonance you need to see a live clip Footage and multiple similar shows of destruction... and then sieve reality from fiction based on the brand added at bottom right corner. 

Are people like you born stupid? What’s the issue? Didn’t Senator Thurmond stay on until the 90s? More like the peoples seal of approval, these protests outnumber the quarantine protests by far. Dems don’t care about facts. Actually, that is exactly what many groups and academics are asking for. For example, talking to a friend of mine who is a socialist, he says he is against private property period and that Stalin’s Soviet Union and Mao’s China didn’t go far enough and weren’t really socialist or communist. You literally said that my argument was complete and utter bullshit. I’ve watched a lot of videos from reddit and twitter over the past few days, and I will say there are a few videos that show the cops being too violent, but I will continue to believe that the only reason they are doing so is because of the rioting and looting. You don’t see the police cracking down on protests in cities where there are no riots and looting. As I said before, the looters and rioters are ruining the cause for everyone, not just themselves. Believe me, I’ve seen the acab in thousands of comments. Equal opportunity violence: "We'll fuck with our own race in the process; why should they be successful." But can the residents of Michigan now buy seed at the nursery or is planting still a threat? Thanks. Now I have a list of people’s movies and music I can avoid now. I mean not that any of the actors/musicians have done anything worthwhile in a long time or...ever. yo i got a gun and id shoot them im not against castle law i just wont be happy if i have to use it i dont want to kill anyone

besides if i did shoot someone as a white dude it would probably just make everything worse over all (not for me id be alive)

like just maybe if cops wernt so callous about killing then people would trust them more and this wouldn't be such a cluster fuck Saw a news clip this morning of last night's protests and the thugs doing the other things. Young Caucasian girl holding her sign that said "Black Lives Matter. De-fund the police." Just wondering about Chicago and their record homicide rates annually due to black-on-black murders on the South Side. Who would you de-fund there? i get that you dont want violence but it really is what theyre asking for by breaking into someones house. it could go two ways honestly. the sheriff could prevent some loots by saying that, or the aggresive looters will still go in and know what they got in store for them.. and see if theyre still stupid enough to try and loot peoples houses. im really curious of what you would do if someone or a group broke into your house and started looting it while you were home.. cant just pat them on the back man It’s a clip from InfoWars. *sighs* They are not credible. cool castle law exists the so if they break in use it we don't need our law enforcement encouraging violence needlessly there was no call for peace it came off like if these fuckers get in ur house brain em, shoot em dead and kill them all

and idk i just don't think that's the kind of rhetoric that's gonna bring an end to all this craziness

those cops could literally do the exact same preventative stuff but at least try to not sound so excited at the prospect of castle law getting used en masse 

these are our neighbors we shouldn't want any more bodies we've already got plenty Hasn't this been conclusively proven to have been done by Infowars people? > I try to agree with you and you decide to shit on me.

No, I did not shit on you, I criticized your argument and added more information to the situation. I have nothing against you, I have something against the police using excessive force and therefore can't just act happy when their actions are justified.

> Tbh, every clip I see of “peaceful” protestors and journalists, they don’t seem to be following orders. They’re constantly being told to “get back” or “get inside”. Then, after being told multiple times, they finally get shoved or shot.

And sometimes those orders have nothing to back them up, they are just something the police say to try to justify their future violence when they give orders that are not actually correct. We've seen journalists been shot multiple times, pepper sprayed, arrested etc, even though they are exempt from the curfews. Lack of competence within the police force is not something that justifies the police using violence.

>  I don’t think I’ve seen a single video of police actually just randomly shooting people.

Okay, that you haven't watched the posts on reddit is not a valid argument against their existence though.

> There are rotten apples in every bunch, but when you start distorting the truth to fit the ACAB narrative, you lose any credibility you had.

I am in no way distorting the truth, I'm posting videos of police being violent. I do not think ACAB, but that does not mean that I can't criticize those who are. You are the one losing credibility when you disregard all the video evidence just because it does not fit your opinion. 

To me it seems like you had an opinion before this started, and you won't let that opinion be changed, as you don't want to admit the faults of the police (not ALL police, just a lot of them). That's different from me who's always thought the BLM movement has been over the top but changed my mind once enough evidence was provided to validate its necessity. Antifa isn’t an organized group ... as much as a set of beliefs and a mission. To blame antifa is to blame a set of beliefs and missions. Because lets say a minority of 1% in a city with millions is still a lot of people that can cause a lot of damage?  


As for posts being pro looters, I've not gotten that impression, its pro protestors last I checked, but I most certainly cannot look at every subreddit so I wouldn't be surprised if it was somewhere, there most certainly are people that are pro looters. Look. i only said that cause it seems you think their not doing anything wrong. theyre clearly criminals. we cant have people breaking in and stealing everyones shit, and the only thing thats stopping them is castle law.. theyre not my fellow americans in my eyes if they break in houses and steal/loot businesses. sorry You are right, random accounts randomly urging violent for one or the other political agenda is easily found if looked for.

&#x200B;

But you need to consider all the ones that do not do that, and there are significantly more of those, again on both sides of the argument.

&#x200B;

On online platforms with millions upon millions of users, it is the posts that stand out that get attention, but all those that do not stand out, are the vital ones to count.

But it is difficult to objectively remember that when you notice those that stand out, in a way, it could be interesting to see if reddit posted the amount of unique participates/commenters on a post, this would make it easier to maybe grasp the scope.

Because I have definitely seen threads that incite violence, with upvotes, but barely any participation, and upvotes alone are not really the be all end all indicator, because it doesn't give much context of why people upvote something. It doesnt really matter if ur protesting police brutality and there a dude killed by the cops laying dead in the street the fine details kinda get lost people are mad and not acting rationally so itd be rediculous to not expect an escalation its unfortunate but going to happen

I'm not saying its justified but i can understand where they are coming from That is not what BLM says they are protesting.  

Race should not be an issue in this case at all.

Way too many liberals controlling this sub. Lol, I try to agree with you and you decide to shit on me. That’s classy. Your first clip shows people sitting on a highway. Obviously the police don’t want people sitting on the road while people are trying to get home. Tbh, every clip I see of “peaceful” protestors and journalists, they don’t seem to be following orders. They’re constantly being told to “get back” or “get inside”. Then, after being told multiple times, they finally get shoved or shot. I don’t think I’ve seen a single video of police actually just randomly shooting people. 
There are rotten apples in every bunch, but when you start distorting the truth to fit the ACAB narrative, you lose any credibility you had. u wish my house got looted? this is what im talking about u claim to want peace but have this hard on for violence chill the fuck out bro theres no reason to be talking about killing people who break into your house if some one attacks your family defend yourself but dont be glorifying it on social media its why people hate the right because yall seem excited to use castle law its fucked these are your fellow Americans what happened to love thy neighbor? It's not though. They're protesting police officers (people in positions of authority) treating black people harsher than white people. This includes killing them more often. That's the issue here. I think the scale of OPs graph might be a bit misleading, when looking at the raw data?! I didn’t say the cop was racist, I said he unjustly killed George Floyd, which is true. The police were called bc of a bounced check, and for whatever reason the officer decided a knee to the neck for 9 minutes was what was needed to deescalate the situation. He killed Mr.
Floyd, plain and simple. That is what BLM is protesting. this has nothing to do with this. Sheriff said use guns to protect yourself and your belongings against looters and people breaking into your house. i hope youre not defending them, cause if so i hope your house gets looted. APAB? Surely not! No, they’re perfectly consistent.

They support anything that helps the Chinese communist party. They are protesting black peoples being allegedly being unjustly killed by police officers because of racism.

No data backs this up and there is almost never proof of racism. 

The only way you can come to this conclusion with the data that is out there is to assume that every white person and every white police officer is racist. 

That is racist in itself.    The is 0 proof that this guy was killed because he was black.  None.   I will wait for you to present some.

BLM is not protesting anything.   They are paid to cause turmoil to hurt the U.S. and get Democrats elected.  Period. And you literally sit here all day every day and post dumb shit. Couldn’t help but notice her PC is a bit.. large > All it takes is one agitator in a crowd of thousands to start the mace spray and tear gas.

The problem is that this agitator often is the police.

These people are not being violent, the police still uses pepper spray on them https://twitter.com/d0wnrrrrr/status/1267841238381858816?s=20

Here they arrest their own senator https://twitter.com/ThatYumiMa/status/1267492836192268291?s=20 due to their extreme lack of competense. He was not violent, he was just black.

Here, calm people, on their own property, doing nothing to agitate, police still use violence against them https://cdn-b-east.streamable.com/video/mp4/u2jzoo.mp4?token=CVqMklChw_30ZfLjzEMMVg&expires=1591134900 

Police doing the looting and destruction of peaceful protesters resources
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gtpc0l/cops_sneak_up_to_confiscate_destroy_water_and/


cop shooting something at people watching from apartment:
https://mobile.twitter.com/Sarah_Mojarad/status/1266633046591078400?s=09

Police shooting directly at peaceful journalists
https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gt69qe/police_start_shooting_press_with_some_kinda/

Pepperspraying calm photographer https://i.redd.it/4ix8f3j6dy151.jpg


police doing a drive-by pepper spraying
https://mobile.twitter.com/JordanUhl/status/1266193926316228609

guy with hands in the air gets his mask ripped off and pepper sprayed:
https://v.redd.it/wlx0gyoe21251

lady who was coming home with groceries who got a rubber bullet to the head:
https://i.redd.it/ns0uj557x0251.jpg
https://mobile.twitter.com/KevinRKrause/status/1266898396339675137

reporter blinded by rubber bullets fired by police:
https://mobile.twitter.com/KillerMartinis/status/1266618525600399361?s=19

A couple of young black people in a car, posing no threat, without any violence close by. Police still destroy they car, pepper spray and taze them.
https://mobile.twitter.com/GAFollowers/status/1266919104574865410?s=19

Police clearly using excessive force against a tiny girl
https://mobile.twitter.com/whitney_hu/status/1266540710188195843?s=20

cops pepper spraying a group of protestors without provocation https://v.redd.it/0dxnkso0a1251

Police pepper spraying calm people completely without any provocation to do so
https://v.redd.it/1okeo9obn5251

So with all due respect, your statement 
> the reason why the police are throwing tear gas and shooting people with rubber bullets is because of looters

Is complete and utter bullshit. They do this shit because they enjoy it, they do it without any immediate threat, they do it without any looters or rioters nearby. There was a headline from the onion or something I saw years and years ago when Obamacare was first rolled out that read "Republicans to people with pre existing conditions: die faster" or something like that. Thanks for proving that it wasn't satire. Literally makes no sense.

Protesters do not necessarily form coherent group. There is no "protest leader" that can stop bad people from joining in the protest, there is no such leader that can reprimand or at least denounce the "bad" who associate with them. (I will add, if there is a head of such a movement, then yes, anybody who still willingly associate with such a movement is bad.)

Police do form groups, and there are indeed leaders that decided to hire or not bad people from joining. Those leaders can too reprimand and denounce the "bad" who associate with them. In fact, they can fire them. Therefore, a few bad cops not being fired necessarily does mean the group is bad. It has been going there since they start robing Baltimore! Yes, they will. You're right. Good response by the sheriff. Seriously if this was the actual response by the entire law enforcement community in unison, I don't think there'd be that many protests. Evolution of a conservative (as per media): Info Wars -> Alt Right -> White Supremacist While I agree that the looters are in the minority, the reason why the police are throwing tear gas and shooting people with rubber bullets is because of them. It’s unfortunate that these assholes are ruining it for everyone. All it takes is one agitator in a crowd of thousands to start the mace spray and tear gas.

I think everyone can agree that these protestors are justified, but the looters and rioters are tarnishing the reputation of the whole group and not just themselves. I want to preface this by saying I'm Australian. I've been seeing a lot of news about this on Reddit for a while but tonight's the night I've really dug around the r/'s looking into it, and for curiosity's sake I decided to skim though, Liberal, libertarian, ect...

Rioting is bad, and I really feel sorry for the individual people and small businesses hurt. But neither can I ignore that escalation was inevitable, and sometimes necessary.

These aren't the first riots or protests you've had about this same problem. You've had heaps. There are legitimate issues that need fixing.

This pressure cookers been building up for years with little action. America should have worked hard to correct course, but it didn't and now here we are. I hope you remember saying this when you're on your death bed and wish there was something you could do. Thankfully, I can tell you will most likely die alone with no one around for your prehistoric ideologies to hurt. no one is advocating for keeping everyone alive forever.  Typical response from someone who can't defend their own argument.  Invent a spurious point of contention you can easily hold the high ground on.  I salute you. I found data for 2018 if you would like to take a look


https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2018/crime-in-the-u.s.-2018/topic-pages/tables/expanded-homicide-data-table-6.xls Anyone can choose to be a cop. Anyone can choose to stop being a cop because they see the violence that other cops do.

No one can change the color of their skin.

One is judging people on their actions. The other is judging them by something they were born with. Well it was a homicide victim, they typically leave their bodies because so much has to happen. And there was no damn way the coroner was going out to pick his body up. (Source: GF’s mom is a mortician working for the coroners office in Louisville) It is a shame he died but we don’t know the full story. People happen to die. You can't keep everyone alive forever. ANTIFA AKA the Democrats Black Shirts, Obama's Communists Street Organizers. Angela Merkel menace. Info Wars is so 2016. It's "White supremacist/nationalist" now! This is a dishonest response. It's cute that you think it's bad to label other people the same way you want to label people, just because my label uses groupings you don't like. I am a native New Yorker PLEADING with my government. Deblasio, please get the national guard here. How much more do we have to suffer? Good luck spreading your racism.  I hope you grow out of it. The whole point is that no matter the severity of the protest (clearly one is a bigger) they are risking their lives as well as the lives of others by gathering in large crowds. Protesting anything is increasing the chances of a second wave. did this post? That's certainly a hot take /s. It's supposedly a citizen's moral obligation to report crime and follow the law. But blacks and Latinos consistently hide and lie to protect the ones that don't follow the law.

For the same reason that small-waged workers won't jeopardize their jobs, cops won't speak and risk losing their job.

All blacks are bad because they defend the few that are. And it's exactly as true as your ideas about cop. Even with all your videos combined one of the pictures I posted still outnumber those idiots. So your claim that the looters are a majority is just straight up bullshit.

But as I already mentioned, I don't condone the looting, I just manage to understand that criticism against one issue can be valid even if a problem occurs simultaneously to the criticism. https://www.reddit.com/r/2020PoliceBrutality/comments/guyybb/video_shows_cops_unloading_bricks_for_why_exactly/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share um....no?

https://www.reddit.com/r/JoeRogan/comments/guzsgw/list_of_police_brutality_since_protests_riots/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

https://truthout.org/articles/police-attacked-protesters-after-kneeling-for-solidarity-photo-op-activists-say/ So when a poor person gets cancer they can apply to one of these charities and hope they are selected?  That makes these charities appear to be rather like the supposed "death panels" that were so often lamented when the affordable care act was originally coming to fruition. Well these race riots started happening during his presidency and he didn't fix these issues did he.  Honestly I think both political parties had an invested interest in keeping the status quo which is why I'm not holding these riots against the people who are doing them.  That being said trying to loot my house would be a mistake. Yah it’s an analogy but my point is that this is retarded that this happens. So now you can just get beat up because you have an opinion!!? Wtf thought this was America where we have freedom of speech. Thank God most of the people protesting are against freedom of speech Their auntie is ashamed of them. You don't deal with violent rioters by giving them pretty roses. Hostile force can only be stopped by equal force.

Also,

https://youtu.be/F96DA41XgOI

 https://youtu.be/gBU_OYGgZXM

 https://youtu.be/CFmnMe-13gQ

https://youtu.be/1TRgucHzU0o

https://youtu.be/niNPsxbi9r4

https://youtu.be/TtMwmzIh4BI 🤦🏻‍♂️ I'm a member of the "Don't Trend on Me" crowd.  I think putting your safety and security into the hands of someone else who has no inherit interest in risking their life to defend you is a mistake.  If you can defend yourself, you should.  Also, why do I need to call on some overweight donut dunker when I can fight and shoot better than a lot of them anyway. I think we all know who is supporting the current civil rights movement and who is trying to suppress it It doesn’t. A good many of the protesters are very angry at the rioters. They aren’t one in the same. I personally am trying to think of who all benefits from these protests being shown in the media as violent riots vs peaceful protests to try to understand more. They are all making these tweets from the safety of their gated communities protected by private security.  Meanwhile regular folk are just left to deal with the looters themselves.

They are such absolute hypocrites. probably because they left a black man dead in the street outside his business for 12 hours Hopefully he gets what’s coming to him. Getting insulted and getting the shit beat out of you are pretty different. That is more honest than "muh both sides" What have you personally done for homeless people Ace ? why is this so hard for u to believe that a few shitty people can buy maga hats and be assholes? are u that deep into ur identity politics?

so fuckin dumb how the fuck can u justify that pure 100% speculation u put up there saying its just not possible maga people bad cuz orange man good??

also ur story about Rochester has nothing to do with anything and doesnt prove or deny shit except that some person in a completley different city got attacked There's truth to those stories.  Unlike many in the left though I'm not going to deny the faults or ignore the misguided actions of the bad actors on my side.  However if the left refuses to acknowledge the faults of there own side in the same way or tries to engage in whataboutism then finding common ground is not going to be possible. Antifa, as a group, does not care about  improving society, homeless people, a dead black man, or you. They want to push far left ideology and social upheaval and collateral losses are the means to push their agenda. I completely agree on the free market approach and it’s refreshing to see others believe the same way but you must also concede then that as a company they shouldn’t be able to hide behind government protections while restricting speech and content as a “private” business while stating they are an open platform as they do here on their own help page.


https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/tweet-visibility [Found it](https://youtu.be/-Wz69m4hKsw). Australian media. Go figure. Perhaps you don't realize that your health is related the health of your neighbors and those in your community.  If people do not have access to healthcare they are much more likely to spread diseases that could have otherwise been treated.  This whole pandemic should be a wake up call that your neighbors health matters.  You'd let your neighbor die from a lack of healthcare but at the same time be appalled if the fire dept refused to show up and rescue them from a burning house? Let's get an estimate for the last full year.. 2013 seems a bit too distant for any real stats not paint balls but paint cartrages (i think that's what they are called) they hurt more and are for military drills Well I was always taught that words should never hurt. So I'm kind of numb to that And I know retard is an "ableist" word. I was calling you that because I thought you were. Turns out I am Alright, well lemme just educate ya, young one. Words can hurt and at least two of those words you used are based on hate toward asians and people with mental disabilities. So try not use those words! Also, sorry for resorting to name calling. I'm just stressed af Old man? I'm 15. And I was trying to start something were everyone would type something that rhymes with blink. I didn't even know chink is a slur It's true. Some overconfident asshole is going to open their door thinking they're taking a gun to a brick fight and the looter will end up having hardware too. 

Defend wisely. 'Chink' is a racial slur you dolt. 'Retard' is also an ableist word. Get with the times, old man. Hi there. I’m a leftist and I like to check out subreddits and news sources from the right to see how things are discussed. It’s useful for examining my own biases (I’d encourage you to do the same).

Anyway, wanted to thank y’all for an interesting discussion. Nice to see people finding their common humanity across the aisle. This felt constructive and was nice to see some calmer chatting. They are purposefully deceptive. Sometimes they carry flags, sometimes they don't. There also seem to be different pockets of anarchist groups that are not technically part of Antifa.

They do have an emblem that they sometimes wear. But their tactics sometimes dictate that they try to pass themselves off as regular protesters. They are cowards. thank god i finnally see this.  On most right subs everyone is just frothing at the mouth at the idea of finally being able to use their guns or fight the dems but that's just going to make sure when these riots happen again they will be worse than ever as the riots have been getting worse and worse and nothing continues to change for the black community

Edit: if both sides don't come together its not going to work if the right tries to break these protesters in the streets with the police then were gonna be like hong kong with months of non stop rioting and absolutely no one wants this They are protesting black peoples being unjustly killed by police officers you're right. deleting. This is great and I love this young man. We need to be really really clear about this.

* George Floyd shouldn't have died like that
* Derek Chauvin needs to be tried
* We know there are good, positive protesters
* We know there are Antifia instigators
* Some protesters willing joined into the rioting
* Everyone understand the anger but do not agree with BLM's messaging or tactics
* We will always support people's right to peacefully protest even if we don't agree with the content.
* We don't disagree with BLM because we don't believe in equality, we tend to disagree on some perspective and the ways to address changes that should be made.
* Cops are generally great people and we need to understand their jobs are difficult.
* Rioting is wrong.
* Rioting is not dissent. if ur cheering this on then ur just escalating the violence if u think violently shutting this down is going to work then u need to open a book these riots happen every few years cuz more black kids are killed and the laws never change.

if u dont believe the cops can murder u with impunity look up waco and see how none of those cops faced time for killing 80+ people with 20+ children.  In fact the head agent is now a chief of police.

no sane person here wants a civil war so lets stop getting so excited about the idea of being able to kill americans Hey where do you live? I’d like to come burn down your house and see how you feel about it! Although you probably haven’t worked a day in your life and live off the government! You probably don’t own shit! please approve this because i want to start a real discussion This is like wearing a cross necklace when going to a rally and everyone starts insulting you. I'm the best, and you're the worst. Period. What are they doing? get out the national guard with some tear gas and sort the rabble out once the mob is in control awful things happen They're just Fa. The anti is a lie. The dude is banned, don't stoop to their level. The cop is facing charges. Everyone agrees the cop should be prosecuted. if this is true thats sad. but what about the people that they murdered in D.C after they shut down surveillance ? i guarantee you it was more than five Got a source fella. Might be useful. its not antifa its white supremacists theres video proof Not really. Prejudice and generalizations like that where there before protests or riots and they’ll be there after. If you believe that black people are bad because of this you thought that before too. Hopefully the murderer of Floyd gets justice and the murderer of these cops get the same punishment. The system needs reform or protests and riots will become the status quo. I figured that'd happen. Austin is overall great people, they don't tolerate that shit. Been to Austin twice, other than some of the freeway infrastructure it's pretty great Why? Um, white self entitled supremacists who are desperate to hold on to their fading political power are the Nazis. Look at your tattoos, in the mirror if you like. I don't think they are blaming Republicans per se. I think they are blaming the system as a whole. It surely doesn't help that conservatives by and large dismiss their protests by and large. That and the whole "blue lives matter" counter-protest which conservative pundits took up. u/Rabid-Ami  Okay, and what is your point?

Has the government found and prosecuted anyone that is directly tied to antifa? How do they decide if someone is a part of antifa? When will you understand that the market can provide private charities? And that healthcare is so expensive because of government overregulation? Yea! Fuck proof! They exist cause you say so! Totally with ya dude Yeah you're right. A poor person getting cancer totally had it coming, all their fault and they should suffer for their decision to get cancer while too poor to afford insurance. Land of the free. Judging by the extreme resistance to wearing masks we already saw when there weren’t riots going on, I doubt this will happen. People still think masks are only to protect themselves. Just because you couldn’t find them, doesn’t mean they don’t exist. He isn't wrong, though.

Liberal Republicans and liberal Democrats in northern states generally supported the Civil Rights Act of 1964 whereas conservative Democrats and conservative Republicans in southern states generally opposed the Civil Rights movement.

You have to take into account both regional differences and party affiliation. In the mid-20th century, the south was a hotbed for racial animus and the thick fog of anti-blackness still lingered there.

It's really important to not hyper-focus on simple, over-generalized labels like "Democrat" or "Republican." Party affiliation, especially over time, is dynamic, and it's essential to take into account the individual political beliefs each party's members. A good example of this is: Bernie Sanders is a progressive, social Democrat who ran as a *Democrat*, whereas someone like Jesse Helms, a former Democrat turned Republican, ran a platform that opposed liberalism. Both politicians, *at one point in time,* ran as Democrats, but they both held widely different political beliefs.

Why do you think Strom Thurmond left the Democratic Party? And why did Republican senator Barry Goldwater vote against the Civil Rights Act? Why are most red states in the southern U.S.? And why do these same southern states consistently vote red? This was great to read. I think this is an important perspective and it is good to take other people’s perspective and challenge your own thinking. Quick explanation: This girl is a semi-popular feminist on TikTok. The first video is about generalizing men and saying that they are all to be feared by women and they are abusive. The second one is talking about other “popular generalizations” and the one circled in red completely contradicts the first video. This is an interesting thought. It is a good exercise to think of who all could benefit from the media covering the riots instead. Have to think about it from all sides though. This will only be dependent on testing though, which can be manipulated. We have no access to unbiased data. No one putting words in your mouth. Quit being an offended snowflake. 

I wasnt able to pick out anyone in the protestor crowds or riots that are tied to antifa. So basically the government can claim anyone is involved in antifa and can jail them for being a terrorist. You don't see a problem with that? yah, basically. "Orange man bad so we can't possibly be bad"

We used to call them brown shirts but capitalism (which they inexplicably disdain) has made edgy black graphic tees from their local spencer gifts cheap and popular

edit: why do I say this? Why do I compare these violent, destructive protesters to crazed national socialist german lunatics from the 30's and 40's? Because anarcho communists are rarely ever furthering the cause stated by the anarcho communists. They are generally people who are simply useful to cause destruction and chaos and create a power vacuum so horrible horrible people can seize power because they don't have a position! They don't want a society! They just want to be mad and loot and cause pain. The bolsheviks did it too. If anything.. I'm sad at our public education system that people can't see this https://i.redd.it/42cfx2axsy151.jpg
https://i.redd.it/yr3wfmhdpr151.jpg
https://katu.com/news/local/gallery/protesters-marching-through-portland#photo-2

>There is enough footage to prove looters are the minority. 

FTFY.


Among maaaaaany other pictures and videos showing the same. There is however a scarcity regarding police behaving in a non violent and civilized way.

I do not claim that the looters do not exist, and I sure as hell don't condone what they do. However, that they exist, does in no way affect the validity of what all the peaceful protesters are marching for. If there are riots the store is probably not open. “we call our selfs the anti bad guy squad and label out opponents bad guys. So nothing we do is bad because it says we’re the good guys in our name “. Democrats my ass, these people hate democracy. As a liberal leftist I want just as little to do with these assholes as you do, they’re authoritarian and if they ever manage to topple the “right” they will turn on the liberals. This is the equivalent to the annoying and old child at a restaurant being kicked out. There’s really no way of telling by just looking at them but, security cameras have captured videos of them in black hoods putting bricks and glass bottles on the ground before protests so they can use them once it turns violent. Read the comments, these retards are trying to say infowars , or boogie man white supremacists’ destroyed the homeless guys stuff. Please don’t put words in my mouth or lump me in. You don’t know me. 

You “join” ANTIFA by organizing together at a protest. They organize by wearing the same clothes (a uniform if you will). They all have the same agenda. They incite violence on Twitter. An organization doesn’t need a leader, just some like-minded individuals. 

ANTIFA has been labeled a terrorist organization. Deal with it. And how is antifa organized? Like I asked. How do i join them and who are the leaders? Right now it just seems that anyone disagreeing with the conervative/republican view is part of antifa.

Protestors arent organized by antifa, they are protesters. lol why are you getting downvoted are people mad that looters are armed But he’s so cute! He’s America’s Justin Trudeau. 
😒 Organization:

“an organized body of people with a particular purpose, especially a business, society, association, etc.” Maybe just entertain the possibility?  The homeless guy was screaming at the camera guy too How do I join Antifa? What websites do they use, where are they organizing? Who is the leader? How is it that using excessive police force is a leftist issue? Every issue our society faces does not need to be defined as left or right. We have been brainwashed into thinking this way. There ways of morality and decency , critical thinking that people need to start using again. Stand your ground!! Into Pelosi’s husbands pockets? Nobody is "trying to give protesters the bad name". Quite the scapegoating.

There is enough footage to prove the looters aren't the minority. What about corporate welfare, too big to fail, that’s not capitalism. That’s what China does. The left is just as screwed up as the right. Money and greed is the party that is always in power. Welcome to the Divided States of America. Vote out 90 percent of these assholes and let’s start over before we become the great failed experiment, time is running out! This! \^\^\^\^ Thank you! I can hear em now. 

"oH sUdDeNlY ***nOw*** RePuBlIcAnS cArE aBoUt ThE hOmElEsS" You mean like everything has been Obamas fault during Trumps whole presidency? AnTiFa IsN’t An OrGaNiZaTiOn!!!!!!!!!1! Which is irrelevant.  When someone kills someone while doing something illegal, it doesn't matter what the condition of the victim was. It's the eggshell skull rule. Fragility of the victim is no defense of abuse. Maybe it was the same people as those who saw police ruining property only to give protesters a bad name?https://old.reddit.com/r/ThatsInsane/comments/gv2ogk/news_chopper_pans_out_as_riverside_county_sheriff/ That happened! You're wrong Kinda like blaming Antifa? Simple, don't go to a store with protesters in front of it. Seems like common sense too me. Because I don’t want to pay for other people’s poor health decisions. And if you’re only argument is “but emergencies happen!!” That’s why we have emergencies rooms and insurance. All of the rioting sucks, especially for African Americans. When this is all over people will forget about Floyd and the protests, people will only remember the looting and violence. So sad to see an entire community be branded by a handful of poor examples. I’m not so sure about this. I’ve been seeing posts all day that say “if there is one bad cop and he isn’t condemned by the whole force then the whole force is racist” which is absurd. Oklahoma had a major rally on Sunday, and no cops showed up.  It was peaceful.  Then, in the evening, the police showed up in all their gear, wanna guess how long it took to escalate?

It's amazing what happens when you introduce a gang element to a peaceful protest. Of course, protesters aren't armed by the state and given qualified immunity for their actions, as well as being protected by a corrupt union. The same people who said most looters are white and white supremacists are behind this? The leaders of antifa want their members to fit in with the protestors.  They have been infiltrated before, on camera.  Often times, it's a skinny white kid in all black, really looks like the Columbine shooters outfit tbh. Info wars isn't even a group.

 Political neutrality is good for false virtue signaling and little else. More than antifa? Where is the bar set because antifa isn't really an organization.. if it is then who are the members?  


Democrats have done more than republicans to help the homeless.. Churches get rich and don't pay taxes. Republicans bailed out the rich. Tell me im wrong. You identify them by their tactics. Unless you believe every lefty is willing to commit crimes like this. There are always assholes in every group that don't actually know or care about what they're doing. Most often they end up being the loudest members of a group. I don't know who these people are, but they are despicable assholes. I'd be careful that we don't throw everyone protest in the same group though Retard This /r constantly posts escalating, misleading shit like this. Just pouring gas on the fire. Sound familiar? Church groups and right wing institutions have always helped the homeless more than antifa.

Wake the fuck up. 

Cant wait for you lot to be designated terrorists officially. the guy throwing the mattress is wearing an Info Wars hat Rofl... more antifa lies. Man the way some of you spew hate and view the world is just wow.  Were all brothers and sisters in this world and you act as if you hate before you even try to love and understand.  I feel sorry for your families and your children, you probably direct hatred at them without even knowing you're doing it, empathy is a powerful tool.  Criminals are just that, why bring yourself down to their level emotionally and spew hatred, simply saying that's wrong is not enough you have to classify and profile the wrong doing to excuse your hatred, very sad. The people who watched this happen said that it was an Infowars group that coordinated the attack to make antifa look bad Just like "gun control". Law abiding citizens required to abide by it, but criminals could care less about any law. Covid Cuomo used his connections to the CCP corona to kill old people like a collectivist champion. Mainstream media loved him. The news loved him because Cuomo kept taking their celebrity 'expert's' stupid advice no matter how many bodies piled up.

Democrats across the country looked at killer Cuomo's. They witnessed New York's magical ability to turn Covid-19 corpses into cold hard federally funded cash. They were so envious they eventually decided to call off the phony Panda Pandemic panic and exchange lockdown for a national riot shitshow to demonstrate to the nation just how far determined Democrat voters and politicians will go to burn and ruin people if it will punish America. That's a very dangerous road. Especially since they're a terrorist organization now.  If there's no clear label for them what's to stop officers from arresting anyone for anything under the guise they are antifa and now they have no right to a jury because they're labeled a terrorist.  Were losing our rights faster and faster everyday Yeah, but on the other hand, there's also this, so you can really never know: [https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/gv8hgn/they\_want\_their\_civil\_war\_farright\_boogaloo/](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/gv8hgn/they_want_their_civil_war_farright_boogaloo/) This has nothing to do with racism Could you image if firearms had been outlawed? Probably crying for his mommy, when separated from his fellow goons in the station and surrounded by interrogating cops. Now you care about homeless people? scroll the subreddit and read comments they aren't as rare as you might think, they are very frequent actually

non violent people are the minority I mean it’s happened a few times already, people not even involved in the protests being hit with rubber bullets or those tiny ball things. 

This happened to a friend of mine as well...went in for cigarette and came back with a black and blue on his thigh lol You're retarded because I didn't say that the cop didn't play a role in his death. If you’re going to the store to buy food tell me exactly how anybody would correlate that to looting or rioting But like what if I’m just going to the store for food and plan on paying? Makes me feel like I’m going to walk out after checking out only to get hit in the bean-bag with a rubber bullet lol black mask. Black hoodie. Usually a scrawny little shit who might be carrying a pipe or a brick or something like that and acts very shady running through crowds and instigates violence against people who aren't looking (sneak up behind and crack 'em on the head)

They have [a flag](https://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/imagecache/mbdxxlarge/mritems/Images/2020/6/2/e58c3b83f5fd4b92bc3fa12a4406da6e_18.jpg) but really it's the violent elements around them you need to watch out for. I'm not scared of them for me. But you know, I care about my family and friends and goodhearted people in general and I'd hate to see them get hurt by one of these assholes in some act of senseless violence. Hes a simple answer because its not.  We have a hybrid system in virtual all countries.  The fire department is socialist, the police and the roads. Why not health care too.  No ones seriously asking for all private industry to be run by the state. I find it hilarious that the police brutality in all these Democratic run cities are somehow Republicans fault. There is a subreddit with about 50 thousand members that I won't name but they have how-tos posts on how to infiltrate protests and turn them violent.  The entire point of Antifa is to start trouble and then fade away into the crowd. Right? I had this same question! 

How exactly do we know who is Antifa and who is not? Aside from people randomly saying “I’m Antifa”, It’s not like their out there waving a flag or wearing matching t-shirts. I notice a lot are saying the looters are members of Antifa, but in all crises there’s almost always looters. That’s like saying everyone that looted during Hurricane Katrina were Antifa.

I understand looting and rioting and beating the shit out of people is bad and justice for that should be served. But if Trump is basically telling the police and military personal to spray and pray because of Antifa, how do we know we’re not stripping regular pissed Americans (peaceful protestors) from A1? Unless we are saying that there are no “peaceful protestors”...but Trump also said there were in his speech tonight....I’m so confused. that's awesome. Glad people helped him out They are literally retarded. Many of them living at home play video games all day and watch porn. That is their life. It’s hard to get your mind wrapped around that, isn’t it? But yes that is their life. Nazifa won’t wake up. Find them, try them, then put them in genpop for a few years. If any resist arrest, then deal with it using deadly force. i agree with you, i’m just trying to point out that we shouldn’t over simplify things what? i’m not denying anything? i’m just saying the situation shouldn’t be oversimplified 
Interesting seeing Democrats burning down a Democrat city that is run by a Democrat mayor with a Democrat police chief of color The problem is with the way cops "play defense". We have seen time and time again that cops can and will escalate the smallest of issues into extreme violence. No, this doesnt happen all the time, but when it does there are rarely any real repercussions.

They do not have the right to assault citizens in the way that they often do without just cause. And they certainly do not have the right to take a life, unless their own life is threatened. Oh they are. All of them. I wish leaders could de escalate this whole bs. Liberal democrats are nothing but hypocrites if you haven’t figured that out yet. > You have absolutely no evidence that this is a minority.

Look at the MANY videos documenting these events, its largely passive groups. Residents ain’t the only ones with guns :) Amazing. Every word of what you just said was wrong Easy: Anyone who is doing anything despicable we label as antifa. Evidence that antifa is despicable, see. Circular logic is the best logic. What the heck. They were talking about how police shouldn’t ram the crowd of protesters. Now they do the same!!! I mean, you're not wrong. Who they are depends on who you ask. At this point if you’re looting / rioting you’re ANTIFA. Gotta get rid of Republican voters any way he can. Pretty soon it will be illegal to be live in rural New York(the more Republican part of the state). We need a British-style surveillance for our cities. Then we need to do what they did, and ban anyone caught on camera rioting from public aid.

I guarantee these people won't so much as light a match on fire if they knew it would cost them their food stamps. If you're a conservative, then they're ANTIFA. If you're liberal, then they're Info Wars. Hope that sorts out any confusion. half if not more Well, it’s been said that the law enforcement that antifa fears the most is “dad” On a positive note, his possessions have been replaced and he seems to be in good spirits: https://www.reddit.com/r/Austin/comments/gv3r5j/it_was_too_good_not_to_post_here_the_homeless_guy/ If these people are some tiny minority, how are they flooding the streets of several major cities?

And why is every single post on the main page pro-looter? But yet they claim Antifa doesn’t exist and is only a philosophy. 

So which one is it today? > both sides largely dont want violence

Then why do the liberals, the politicians and corporate America keep egging on the looters? You have absolutely no evidence that this is a minority. You just want it to be true. Over on the r/news  sub where they have a mega thread each night, there is a person who has been cutting/pasting the same instructions and one of them is on the damage bricks can do to police vehicles and guidance on stockpiling them at your protests. > I don't think the looters represent liberals

Then why are all of the liberals and their corporate bosses standing behind them? The only reason to, at this point, make these messages is to say to conservatives, 'We don't give a shit how much it pisses you off, and we don't care how much the looters murder and burn, we hate you and would rather stand with the looters than with law-abiding people'. Yes, and as soon as there is a trespasser on their property, their house is robbed, or their naked pictures are stolen from their phones, then who do they call? what the fuck is wrong with people? Politicians should de-escalate, no matter their party, right? How is doing absolutely nothing 'doing what's right'? And the admins will do absolutely nothing about it. At all. Liberals think rules are only for other people. eh, i don't know about that. We did this before and it backfired that's horrible. I hope leaders can calm ppl down I'm just blocking everyone who defends these assholes or blames the kid.

Do we have rights or not? What good are rights if the police won't defend them? Why aren't these people locked in prison and not let out for a decade or two? this is politically motivated violence, and that should come with a massive penalty regardless of what the basic offense is. GOP pukes fantasizing about murder. Par for the course. It’s insanity. Governor Whitmer opens up the entire State of Michigan, not following her previous decision to regionalize openings, during a time of mass uprising in the state so people can go out and protest. This woman is not fit to lead. Not much use having rights if we're not really allowed to use them, is there?

This victim blaming needs to stop. Liberals have, at this point, attacked hundreds of people, often seriously, for wearing a hat they don't like. That has to end. That is terrorism. he probably plays play station They’ve been looking for a way to get him off the couch & out of the basement Who knows if these are Antifa. They're certainly assholes, though.

Who the fuck burns a homeless person's only possessions? Assholes. Has the excuse used in local inner city black schools (not inner city hispanic schools) been:
 "It's just their culture" ? I think you’re either missing the point or completely ignoring it. It’s not about this protest alone, its about the existence of both Antifa and White supremacists groups even existing along our political lines....that is the problem. 

I and a good majority of people in this sub are Republicans....not White-supremacists, so go fact check that. 

Also I didn’t once claim “there were on the same side”, if they are even both involved In this protest it would be for a power struggle. 

They can fight all they want at Charlottesville, the less of both of them the better. 

Love how you’re asking someone to fact-check information...why can’t you do it yourself? Shitty parents in the first place, and most likely saving face after he was recognized That's a disappointed dad, right there. At this point, the militia movement needs to make a real comeback. We cannot rely on the police or the military or the government to protect us anymore. Good 2020, four more years, let’s do this. Sadly, with all the traffic cams, atm cameras, and other forms of big brother watching over the large cities, not one has been able to observe a pallet of bricks being offloaded.

But yet, you'll get a ticket in the mail if you roll a right hand turn at an empty intersection. Nice way to strut around in your legend in your own mind stupidity. You didn’t do squat, we already knew that cop ultimately killed George Floyd. How do you identify Antifa? Do they carry any emblem or marker?  Or any declaration? 

Sorry if it is a dumb question. Little out of the loop on this. Exactly. First, why are you assuming my intentions? How about ask what I mean before you accuse me of denying parallels.

Yes there are parallels, but there are also parallels between the American left in how they demonize and act like there is an internal enemy in the US known as white supremacists despite the fact that white supremacists are exceedingly small and have pretty much no real power anymore. The nazis spread this idea that Jews had a secret society ruining Germany and used them as a scapegoat. The modern American left uses Neo-nazis in much the same way and tries to tie them to the American right to make enemies of all of us. So the left is using Nazi tactics, that's a parallel, too. Your parallel is just that nationalism exists.

You can be a fascist nationalist, you can be a communist nationalist. Nationalism is merely pride in your country and attempting to work to better it by focusing a bit more on it. Nazis were nationalists, so were communists.

So yes, you can draw parallels, but are those parallels indicative of a problem? Or is it healthy nationalism? Pride in oneself is health, excessive pride is not. Nationalism is healthy, excessive nationalism is not. Nationalism that leads to demonizing actual citizens of the country who have done nothing wrong AND then acting on that it is bad. For example, Nazi's demonized Jews AND they passed laws that shut down Jewish shops and kicked them out of their country. Is the brand of nationalism the right is pushing demonizing any citizens? No, we are pushing for a rule of law, we are celebrating those people who come her lawfully regardless of their race or faith. We are not calling for the deportation of citizens. We are not shutting down businesses of citizens who immigrated here. We are not warning people not to shop at those stores. We are not walking around yelling at legal immigrants or naturalized citizens who immigrated here and telling them to go home. That is what Nazi's did. And IF we see anyone who does anything like any of that, we call them out and tell them to fuck off.

Nationalism is not a bad thing, but it goes bad when nationalism is used to justify awful things. Pride in your country is NEVER bad, using that pride in our country to justify awful things IS bad.

Canada has national pride. Are they Nazis? England has national pride. Are they Nazis? China has national pride, are they Nazis? Yeah, kinda,

A parallel with nationalism means nothing. There is no substance to that comparison. Freedom of expression is only protected for some, of you are not en vogue you are beat and nobody cares. Using posts with so low upvotes, hell even if it had thousands of upvotes, to represent the voice of millions of users is part of the whole issue at hand.

There are people that identify themselves as republicans and/or conservatives that have called for violence and death of democrates, do they represent the the whole? You’re really going to pretend like there’s not legitimate parallels between the American right and European nationalism? The picture above spelled some out pretty well and you didn’t address any of them as far as I can tell It's not a straw man though. I see what you are saying but there is a problem with the discourse and this is kind of representative of a subtle but damaging part of it that I don't think you (or other people who do this) intended. Forgive the length but this is one of those subtle things that require breaking down to understand the mechanics.

We make generalizations frequently in English. We also get very specific in English a lot. I could say, and forgive this but for some reason it was the first thing that came to mind, "Women can be such sluts!". Not that long ago, people would read that and know that I didn't mean ALL women ARE sluts. Nor would they think that I mean "Men cannot be sluts." They would understand that I am expressing some kind of annoyance or frustration with women who chose to sleep around. We used to take the Socratic principle of seeking out the best argument in what a person is saying and then we'd apply it to what people said. It was a great tactic because as you asked me why I might have said "Women can be such sluts!" you might find that I don't at all believe all women are sluts. And in fact you might find that an even more literal reading of what I said was a better way to read it.

"Women can be such sluts!" is literally true, women have the capacity to be incredibly slutty. It's like saying "Human's can be so cruel!" That's true, it doesn't mean the speaker thinks all humans are cruel, merely that humans have the capacity to be cruel. By making such a statement, you might also be implying that you have witnessed some specific acts of human cruelty, or female lasciviousness. So if I were to say something like that, and you assumed my best argument, you'd ask me and you'd find that I was deeply hurt by a woman who cheated on me with several men or something.

So how do we parse out what people mean?

1) We ask them.

2) We look at qualifying words the person chose to use or chose not to use. The user did not say "all protesters" they only said "protesters", so you can safely assume the user was not referring to all protesters. So where is the user qualifying their statement? Because they really are, but we have fallen away from using this simple logic and now we think backwards about our language.

3) The user qualified their statement when they said what the protesters were thinking. Both of the thoughts the user points out qualify exactly who the user is speaking about. In the first part of the meme, which protesters is he talking about if not all of them? The ones who are doing bad things. In the second part of the meme, which protesters is he talking about? The ones who falsely think all cops are bad based on a few bad actions of a small number of cops. So the whole meme tells us exactly who the user is talking about.

From the whole meme, we can safely assume that this user is criticizing afew specific subsets of protesters. 1) Those hypocritical protesters who are saying all cops are racist while condemning those who they think are condemning all of the protesters. 2) Those protesters who are being violent. 3) Those protesters who don't necessarily think all or even most cops are racist, but are still defending these violent protesters.

If you assume the speaker is reasonable, which we always should until the give indication otherwise, then it is obvious that this user is NOT saying all protesters. He is making a general statement, not a specific one.

Now you can certainly say that we should be more careful and be more specific, but what has happened in language is that again, people used to assume the best argument. They wouldn't have assume he meant ALL protesters (though clarification on that would of course be good). Somehow, people grew to expect that all comments such as these would be clarified, which is not an unreasonable expectation. But what also began happening is that people started to then dismiss any argument that fails to clarify EVEN THOUGH we can safely assume exactly who the user was speaking about.

So when you say: 

> Clearly not all protesters think ALL cops are bad, and we've seen clear evidence of that.

You didn't really need to say this because it is reasonable to assume what the user meant.

Which means calling it a straw man isn't even accurate. It is not a straw man it is just not as specific as it could be. It is still true. The sentiment the user expressed is still one that is going around and one that needs to be pushed back on.

Now is it smart to make this statement even though it is not a straw man? Maybe not, we have a lot of people who are hurting, there is a lot of confusion, there are so many moving parts that perhaps being excessively clear is better right now. But it is not a straw man. Interesting, just as we have a new crisis, covid-19 isn't as potent anymore. my common sense is saying that we've all been played: there was a real virus, it was dangerous but there was tremendous government over reach that took advantage of people's fears. Thousands of black people doing a variety of things from looting, vandalism, destruction of property, shouting "kill white people", and the news cycle is focused on white antifa kids or unconfirmed reports of "white supremacists" acting as "agitators". Are black people as a group untouchable right now?? They aren't being forced to do anything, they are rioting out of their own volition. Why aren't we seeing dozens of stories of black people being brought in for the terrible things they are doing? There are MANY videos of packs of strictly black people attacking people. Why is that not being talked about? Thank you Wait, I thought it was white nationalists inciting all the rioting? This is no different than standing on a freeway trying to break into people's cars and  getting mad when they flee and run you over. 

Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Homes are sacred and will be protected. Shouldn’t we be more focused on getting the police to stop murdering people? Then looters won’t get this opportunity in the first place I saw one theory that the bricks are there to tempt protesters into engaging and making themselves look bad Also, the left right paradigm needs to die. This is a sign of that. China is Communist, Nazi's were fascists. According to the European left/right model, China was left, Nazi's were right. The line of contention was largely about identity, thought it was more complicated.

In the US left/right paradigm, the line of contention is not about identity, it is about size and scope of government (the left would argue that it is about justice, but their brand of "justice' requires larger government, we want justice, too, we just don't need a big government to achieve it). Taken to the extreme, the left and right in the European model will lead to horrible dictatorships and tyranny. 

In the US, the extreme left can turn to a horrible dictatorship, it might be fascist, it might be communist. Taking small government to the extreme just leads to a really small government with very little centralized power. You simply cannot get a horrible tyranny when taking the American Right's conservative/libertarian ideals.

So what do you do with the Neo-Nazis here. We say they are right wing extremists. They are. But they are EUROPEAN right wing, they want a government that has a heavy hand, they want racial segregation. The American Right wants none of that. Based on their desire for a stronger government, they easily fit better with the American Left.

This is such a simple concept and yet it was muddied up by the fact that people in different political parties had to sit on different sides of the aisle in their big government meeting rooms.

So when you really boil it down, the only actual reason the left in the US has to deny Nazis fit on their side is the fact that Democrats sit on the left side of the room while in Europe, ideologies that upheld national identity (prior to Nazism ever taking off) sat on the right. So you realize that nazis, or nationalists, is just the extreme version of right wing politics right? Calling leftists nazis is a blatant disregard for history and political ideology. Good home defense is essential to a functioning society. It's easy to hate the man from the safety of one's couch. Protesters and rioters are different. If there was a fire, it'd be by the rioters. Remember when Tim Kaine's son was caught supporting such groups?

These people are such idiots and this shows the weakness of the justice system. When we have lawyers willing to break just laws, then we have some crappy lawyers. The law IS social justice. Yes, some laws used to be racist, but when those laws changed, all we needed to really do was fairly apply that law and that WAS social justice. That logic doesn’t work for police though, because it is the job of the police to uphold the rule of law.  So when a police officer is aware of a crime by a fellow officer and does nothing, they stop being a good police officer.  When they protect people who break the law, many people find that despicable.

And when the system is flawed and the officers perpetuate it, they are all bad, because even if only a few are committing the crimes, the rest of them protect those that do.

That isn’t true for any race, so the analogy is flawed. Message to Gov. Cuomo: YOU CAN ACT LIKE A MAN!! When Leftism oozes out of your brain this is what comes out. This is the state of anarchy in the epicenter in NY. Lockdown still in effect for law abiding citizens & businesses. No lockdown for the criminals in NYC. They have even released prisoners from jails. The President needs to send in the National Guard. Federalize them. What good r curfews if they r not enforced? This is an insurrection! Act, no more dithering. Yea *an Absolutely! 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9817 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8595 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**

**...**

**79773.** `u/siggy1313` at **2 nices**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Nice Lmao it’s Beijing appointed lmao  Now we can put democrat leaders on terrorists list The only piece of media shown to have Antifa was removed. But all others that had bricks but not tying them to anyone were not hmmm... Hope it doesn't drop the soap!! That's right I called the loser an "it" Gott dayum!!!! That made me laugh harder than I should have!! Only a ignorant inbred pig would make such a stupid statement. if MAGA offends please leave the country as you are part of the problem . “I like to do it cause it’s fun, fun to do bad things”

-Latarian Milton A different perspective just to try and help understand others:

That link is just something you found to justify what you want to think. If a white person feels that way, that’s on them... and I agree it’s a bit much, but it’s def not the majority of dems that I know. 

Just sayin, I work with poor people. The majority is black due to systematic racism. I heard just today about a clients son who was killed in the streets. The father said “you play in the streets and that’s what happens.” He is obviously sad, but knew this is where his child would end up and he couldn’t do anything about it. Unfortunately it’s a lifestyle for these people because that’s what they are brought up on while the hardworking people in their life are absent due to working to better themselves/family. They are absent in their children’s life because they work 2-3 jobs to pay the billls. It’s the working poor. They finally get off Public Assistance but then can’t afford food and healthcare along with their rent. Then they get evicted or have a health issue and a whole new slew of problems come along. It’s a revolving door and man, it’s tiring.. and so so sad. 

I don’t know the answer on how to break this cycle, but I can promise you they don’t want to be where they are. It’s pain and death all around them. Drugs help take away the pain and some people fall in to that lifestyle and can never get out. The trauma and things they have seen at a very young age would screw up anyone, rich or poor. They are survivors. 

The world is just sad. I try to have compassion, empathy and understanding. I know if I was born 40 minutes from where I was that I would be a client, not a staff. And my life would be drastically different.

Just try to remember this when you see these people out there. They’re tired. They’re poor. They grew up with few to no role models with death and drugs all around them. And yes, the majority are POC. And yes, I have seen with my eyes cops treat them like shit and call them the derogatory terms. 

It’s a different world than you know. The rioters are white 90% white people and cops who don’t know what they are doing the cops started it not the protesters Marin Luther king said riots are the voice of the unheard The official antifa Twitter account has also been suspended for coordinating violence. This isn’t a double standard racism isn’t being an idiot racism is an active problem while you guys are protesting something that kills people and you want it to basically kill more people while the rioters are protesting their rights and so that they don’t get killed B-but xbox is a human right! /s >Except that protesters are regular citizens who may not have the authority, training, or physical ability to stop violent actors around them. 

But damn, they actually do. 8 o'clock _or whatever the shitty curfew time is they helped cause) they can leave the area and walk home. Rather than "test" the cops about enforcing what the damn law is. People need to obey what the police officer says until otherwise proven differently in a court if law. My cops in my town told people for an hour and a half continuously to go home but the so called bullshitters disguised as protestors decided they didn't need to listen.

Back in the day I learned about doing obeying a cop in the third grade when he came to my classroom. Somewhere along in life most of us learn to obey police officers too.

But if people are out after dark with the rioters, then those people will be seen as rioters too. 

I actually think the cops will run out if hardcore riot/antifa/loot nuts to arrest eventually if *the honest protestors go home before it's dark.* Otherwise they're stupid people that need arresting too who are actually probably providing material support for the rioters. Kinda like the ~~bullshitters~~ "protestors" had this weird "getaway" car system to find rides rather than walking to a parked car like 90% of regular normal citizens do. Uhhh, not quite sure why a liberal needs to use a throw away account to have a gotcha moment for something us conservatives agree on lol. The cops involved in Floyds death need to be prosecuted to the fullest extent. We dont believe in the rioting and ruining of communities. And you're over here thinking we are denying what happened lmao. Whatever helps you sleep at night bud. How do you know that? I would disagree. When you represent a person/idealogy with completely different values, you know you are going to get a reaction. The person who wore the MAGA hat KNEW they were going to get a reaction. Obviously it is not right that they beat him up, but to do that is just trying to get a reaction of some already frustrated people. No, it'll probably get him Corona, anyway can someone explain to me what antifa is? Only half? this is not true Who is Antifa? RaCiSm Is A jOkE, JeEz! There's "deniers" on the left too. At this point it's about law and order. We now know definitively that people are actively committing violence after dark. If you are a protestor who is out after dark, you are aligning yourself with the lawless rioters. 

There will come a point in the near future where the concept of the noble friendly "socialist" gets smashed. Because they're a part of the problem, not a solution. This is exactly the problem. Democrats are so hell-bent on turning everything into racism [they want white people to apologize for being white.](https://youtu.be/w0nc3XAsgHI) So of course they explode when something bad happens with a white against a black. But, they never seem to give a notice when blacks kill each other by the tens every weekend in Chicago.

Rather than worry about fixing healthcare or the enviroment like in the olden days. Im not proposing anything. Im just extremely disappointed that you are putting false hateful information out there, that has no credibility. This is part of the reason this country is in shambles, because people like yourself are very misinformed trapped in a bubble. Denying that racial profiling exist is like denying  global warming exist. Over 90% of psychologist believe there is some form racial injustice in the police system just like how 95% of scientist believe global warming is real. I don’t know how much more evidence you need from people who actually study this for living. Wake up and smell the roses buddy. Most cops are good, most protesters are good. Bad cops are terrible. Rioters are also terrible. We can condemn both. Some of the conservatives in this subreddit are just pure retards gamer here, you're overestimating half of em.

lot of antifas, anarchists, commies, etc. Hahahaha I shared this just to piss you all off and it worked! Have a nice day. Thanks. Good to know he’s in custody. I guess since he’s accompanied by his parents, it stands to reason they made him turn himself in. Glad he’s off the streets but I doubt he can be rehabilitated. Little piece of shit. What are u actually proposing fam? Darnell was let out because of the Chinese virus, but he'll be back https://twitter.com/ChatChristi/status/1267569960169148417?s=20 No mention of the parents in the report. Source? Actually you may be wrong on both counts. I'm only suggesting this in a friendly, non- argumentative, thought experiment way.

The reason being is that the liberal Democrat mayor has gone far out of her way to defend the rioters downtown - to the point of having cops stand down - and every single one of them that hung around Saturday Night were complicit in the violent crimes that took place even if the went home after quite literally being shoved out by police. 

If the so-called "protestors" were concerned about being nonconfrontational and non violent, they'd find a damn way to leave downtown by dark. Which they didn't do tonight and were shoved out of town once again by cops. Bottom line, we have a bunch of bullshit communists who want to test police to see if they can escalate something into violence that the cops will then get blamed for.

You know, I'm damn sorry about George Floyd. But all these other hanger-on crowds like the communists downtown (Google it that's exactly who they are) are trying to bullshit everyone and normal Demicrats are falling hard for it like they did the Russian bs. Wow you really are a lost cause. That article you linked has no credible evidence. It does not even cite the data that was supposedly found by the universities. I find it funny how gullible you are that you believe some flimsy article with tag that states OPINION and cites no credible sources written by some bootlicker. Unlike you im actually going to give credible evidence from a prestigious school and credible organization. 

 https://law.yale.edu/sites/default/files/area/workshop/leo/leo16_fryer.pdf


https://www.apa.org/monitor/2016/12/cover-policing Actually my thoughts are that they get indoctrinated at school somewhere more than the spoiled brat theory. Holy sh*t....... I had no idea about these stats. >What people have to realize is both the far-left and Far-right are throwing us into a us against them loop

You know, this is the very desperate Democrat narrative that white supremacists are somehow mixed into this. Because if Antifa and the alt-right were somehow on the same side, then they would not have fought each other at Charlottesville not that long ago. 

It's just too damn bad that someone can't "fact check" this bit of intellectual suicide like they do the presidential tweets about mail in voting fraud. blacks have a long history of resisting resisting police arrest and interrogation 

https://www.jdnews.com/opinion/20180630/larry-elder-criminal-behavior-not-racism-explains-racial-disparities-in-crime-stats

People need to talk about their ghettos and the amount of children who have no fathers because they don't wanna claim responsibility for the financial conditions of the child and the amount of high rates of criminal activity among the blacks I think everyone including scientists was blindsided by this thing. The more I think about it the more I'm certain if there is any blame it's the WHO first and China a close second. They supposedly had all the tools to get all the scientists on board for an earlier lockdown which would have had the better outcome you/we desired.

As it stands, we need to get everybody on board with masks somehow. The protests will likely put us back on the exponential train. Because you know, protesting commies care about America! This level of cognitive dissonance is something else. Regardless of what the autopsy found, what justice is here is a manslaughter charge. That's what clearly can be seen by the videotape. 

I do think the family is entitled to some monetary compensation, but I don't think the cop should face a murder charge. Any jury in the world is going to see that.

I just feel bad that we as nation will have to be put through wall to wall coverage of the trial. As if that was not a punishment in itself! Protesters are exercising a constitutional right. Rioters are not. Good cops follow the rule of law and protect individuals constitutional and legal rights. Bad cops break the law in their enforcement, and violate individuals constitutional rights, or simply look the other way. What are you even talking about? You do understand math right? The reason more white people are killed by officers is because there are way more white people than black people in this country. You also grossly overlooked the fact that most of the those deaths are not racially motivated unlike the deaths of black people at the hands of cops. Nobody should die because of their skin color, newsflash you have no control over it.I hope you understand that America has had a long history of violent protests which turned out to be successful and for the better. So i don’t know why you have your panties in twist, you need to pick up a history book. This. BLM are "tools" for both antifa who aren't really BLM and Democrats who are determined to find racism anywhere they can because they ran out of other ideas like fixing healthcare, the enviroment, climate change. I don't think he had an Xbox. Gamers generally are a lot smarter than this. How does it guarantee his victory? The country is a complete shit show right now. The riots will hopefully end soon, but it looks like it’s in the brink of civil war. covid is still spreading like crazy (by far the worst country in the world for cases and deaths) and we are going to see a huge spike because of these protests. 40 million people out of work. The stock market seems to have somewhat recovered, but I can’t see how that remains for very long. He’s proven in the past 4 months that he is completely unfit to lead the country when leadership is needed most. It’s one thing to take over a country with a good economy and build upon that, it’s another to run the country during the biggest crisis we’ve seen in decades and bungle it every step of the way. Beat me to it Somehow associating these antifa/anarchist protestors with the alt-right white supremacists has a deep smell of desperation to it. Shapiro gets into this baloney pretty good and if a link becomes available I'll post it.

If they were on the same damn side, then they wouldn't have fought at Charlottesville, right?

My condolences for those on the left that feel the need to commit that kind of intellectual suicide. Should we shoot cops everytime we see a case of injustice then? At that point what are cops good for Given the current circumstances, I’ll wear my Trump hat proudly while flying an American flag. We will take this country back from the depths and fear of the left. Mommy is gonna be the guy named Darnell in the next cell over Television ratings probably because police brutality is SERIOUS and innocent people are being killed because of it. unlike quarantine, which is literally just staying inside. they are protesting for change in the police systems. and when you want change, you need attention. that’s why you riot. how did gays, women, and slaves get rights? they rioted. that’s how it works :) The rioters are assholes. Most of them couldn’t care less about Floyd, they are there to cause trouble and use the protest as a distraction so they can do it. Are you serious? Not one person has blamed the looting on the cops. Also I 100% agree with you that gun ownership is an answer to this nonsense and oppression, but defending your rights and your safety with a gun is...violence. Even if it’s justified, shooting someone is violent. This post overall is an embarrassment. Maybe they should have sent the national guard to deal with the “small” percentage of bad cops before rioting began. I don’t think anyone thinks all cops are bad. Even if it’s a small percentage (1% let’s say), that’s still a hell of a lot of bad cops.

The bigger problem is not the bad cops themselves, but the system that allows these cops to continue working, not face retribution, and the “good” cops protect them. The good cops need to weed the bad ones out of the force. This is great! I despise these Antifa cubts....but did the cops look for any of the black kids too? 

Oh...nope...because blacks are always the victim right? What are these people trying to achieve actually??? 

https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/

More white people are killed by the police also blacks have a history of not cooperating and being violent when they are arrested 

Why are people forgetting the fact that he was a fickkn fraudster who sold a counterfeit note 

The amount of damage these low grade afros coupled with unemployed white youth who have fick all to do now is disgusting, what's the end result they say violence is necessary to bring about change quoting the woman rights movement which imo were largely peaceful what are they trying to achieve 

And they forget the contributions of Martin king and Nelson Mandela who lead a largeful peaceful protest which demanded and articulated something these guys can't articulate anything because of low intellectual capacity Because the rioters’ cause has the liberal seal of approval. Afros have low iq and a low intellectual ability that's why they need to act like barbarians the fact that they can't articulate their thoughts and put forward a structured arguments make it a normal response from them to act like animals 

Just look at Sudan and Somalia both nations have rents in oil but they can't exploit these resources to enrich themselves and their population unlike the gulf counterparts 

Even Japan didn't have any natural resources but they conquer Manchuria in China and defeated Russia in 1904 05 war 

What people don't understand is that the African society is and has been never been united, they can pretend all they want now but ever since the Berlin conference the Africans were divided based on the colonial ambitions of the European nations but not on lines of linguistic or ethnic basis They are. Some punk turned himself in today in my town for helping throwing over a police car, not unlike this kid. You can bet his parents must have had a sit down with him. 

Antifa, the new thing you really don't want your kids "into." I'm in Covington Washington. I too was inclined to agree it wasn't real. Then the local SWAT drove around town and told all the stores to close and they did. Then the strip mall up the street was looted and the gun store there cleaned out last night. The local schools, though closed to students, told my neighbor who works there that the threat was real and specified this area.

I wonder. It's awful quiet. The A is an anarchist symbol, and guns are usually associated with the right. The article doesn't mention antifa or the person's politics or motivations Well, the commie cowards have had their fair warning. They'll not get another. The twitter account that made the threat was found to be a fake one and it actually belonged to a white nationalist group, Identity Evropa ["Twitter takes down disinformation."](https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/security/twitter-takes-down-washington-protest-disinformation-bot-behavior-n1221456) If there isn't a massive spike in Covid cases in a week or two we will know with absolute certainty that the entire CCP Panda Pandemic panic was phony. Covid Cuomo killed off his nursing home population with incompetence more than the Chinese corona. Almost like protesters didn't take an oath to protect and serve and then go around killing people who can't fight back with impunity or something. That’s retarded he was killed by the cop The point here is, both sides largely dont want violence, while recognising there are a small number that do.

We can pretend the minority enjoying the idea of violence is the majority, or recognise them as the crazy subset they are. Yeah Same https://twitter.com/ChatChristi/status/1267569960169148417?s=20 I read the article. I didn't see any mention of him being turned in by his parent.

It did say he works at Amazon, which didn't surprise me though.

Edit: Thank you for posting the Twitter link below showing him turning himself in with his parents. What was she protesting for then? The media paints a very specific picture. If you think about it, he was the bravest person there that day. Didn't say these people were good people. These people were in the wrong. The kid shouldn't have walked into a crowd of insane angry people. Well they get fired and convicted if they kill without a justifiable reason. Imagine saying the same thing about a Muslimah dressed in a hijab. What should she expect and what do we excuse? You’ll do anything to avoid talking about the murder of innocent black Americans which is the issue at hand Best excuse for blind bigotry leading to crazed mob violence any leftist could give. Normal people see this sort of spasmodic ultraviolence and see these 'extremely angry people' are 10,000 times worse than the cop that killed George Floyd. Did you see why the Louisville police chief resigned today? No body cam strikes again, predictably I didn’t have to look at the thumbnail and know what antifa looks like.  it’s the same look where a plain clothes security recovered a stolen police AR from these domestic terrorists. Antifa was all badass like he was playing COD irl but cowered like a pussy when shit get real. Good news, antifa turn finally moved out of mommy's basement Really good article Everybody knows this but is afraid to say it. Send is ass to Covid Cuomo's New York city and their autopsy will find the corona virus killed him.

We now see these riots have nothing to do with this case. Even if they did, the violence of the protesters is already 10,000 times worse than whatever happened to poor Floyd George. This incident does not excuse the excesses of the Left and their looters and arsonists and killers, and we should stop pretending it ever did. They are protesting a systemic problem, not demonizing all police. If you're still denying the validity of the BLM movement you are part of the problem. If you are in a place voluntarily where there is shooting or a good probability of shooting don’t bitch cause you got shot - be smart enough to be somewhere else - there have been lots of peaceful protests around the country. The crowd is evil for attacking him, he's dumb for going into a crowd of extremely angry people brandishing a symbol of someone a majority of them oppose with a passion. ESH Coronavirus protestors are ignoring basic humanity and risking the lives of innocent elderly and at risk individuals. BLM protestors are advocating the freedom to exist. The standard is the same; covid protesters don’t meet the bar. Nobody should be outside or gathering right now. These curfews are the most anti-American practice I’ve ever seen. I is Justin Beiber. I is a bad ass. I is 13. Where my momma. Now do short skirts and rape. Nope, but the Antifa flags will be considering it was a direct rip from the Nazis anyway. Dems. Keeping it third class trashy. The county also found fetanyl and meth in him. While having a major heart condition... Good job parents. A little prison time will do him some good. Yep, but that is because we are not insane with hate.

Let’s see how the voters react in November to the Democrat-caused and Democrat-provoked insurrection. Beating people up as you loot family businesses should reflect badly on them. Test I don’t really know a back story to this but I have seen multiple people actually destroying cars Wish more parents would step up That’s one way to get them out the house Because one was about protesting your right to have your hair done and the other was protesting your right not not get killed for being black. If you’re protesting against having violence committed on you because of race then maybe you shouldn’t commit violence against someone else because of an article of clothing. Seems hypocritical. Two signs I saw from protesters that were extremely troubling. One said abolish the police. I’m like you need some organization to enforce the law or you have anarchy. The second was all policemen are klansmen. I mean cmon a lot of police officers are black or other minorities. This is an egregious overstatement. There are racist cops but a small minority. No one will take you seriously if you say stupid shit like that Antifa is a joke. They’re whining spoiled college kids who go out and insight violence then immediately crumble if retaliated against with equal violence. They aren’t some organized national group that’s secretly fueling riots, they’re a bunch of stupid unorganized kids who see the chaos as an excuse to go out and cause mayhem for some delusional ideal.  They’re certainly guilty of rioting, but they’re also being used as a scapegoat to blame as their imprint on the situation is far smaller than what the media is trying to portray. None of those messages are perpetuating violence so I don't see what makes them a "trash" group. They are trying to address LGBTQ and Feminist issues because they go hand in hand with the difficulties the African American community deals with.

I also wanted to mention that statement you took from the BLM website "we are self reflexive..." in which you stated that the message was "implying that there's a "cisgender" conspiracy to destroy gays which is obviously untrue, gay and lesbian people have all the rights any normal heterosexual has" has no backing. An implication is something that can be inferred from the interaction of a premise and conclusion. In that statement there is absolutely nothing implied to make you say that BLM is implying that there is a conspiracy. They just stated they want to protect Black trans folk from the violence that befalls on them, which statistically is significant. 

And lastly you stated that "they don't like america and they never will", honestly I love this country but i can see where their frustration is coming from. It must not be easy to live in a country where their ancestors were brought in chains only to be held down by oppressive policies such as Jim crow once they were "liberated". It must not be easy to live in a country that had terrorist groups like the kkk hunt and kill them, and even have that terror group still exist today. It must be hard to live in a country were a prison system was built and designed specifically to oppress and deisenfranchise. It must be hard to live in a country where the War on Drugs intentionally put so many people of color away under heavy sentence for minor crimes. And it must be hard to live in a country where the president defends garbage white supremacists in Charlottesville but then calls the protestors of BLM thugs. And I cant imagine how tiring it must be to hear a brother of your community shout "I cant breathe" twice. Twice. Hearing that once is enough for many lifetimes, but having to hear that twice. Idk I guess I cant blame BLM for trying to peacefully and legally try to change American society to actually benefit them for once. ? You wear a maga hat to a BML protest you are being purposely antagonistic. Stop spreading misinformation, please. While the rioters reactions are disgusting, the white man in this video was NOT a business owner, was not defending anything, and instead ran after these people while swinging a machete. There’s a longer version of the scene somewhere else. I am NOT condoning the response. I’m just not sure what the response should be in a situation where a group of people walking down the street in protest are suddenly charged at by a machete-wielder. Stay safe, everyone. Go home to mommy....

Oh wait. Lord you are dumb Independently hired by the family. Same examiner who ruled that Epstein’s death was most likely homicide by strangulation, rather than suicide. This was hugely contradictory to the official medical examiner’s conclusion. In my opinion, I trust him. Makes since I doubt it's all that many, but it's still enough that it's a problem. It doesn't take many to be a problem when they are given qualified immunity and regularly get preferential treatment by the justice system. Cops are people. People fuck up. Treat cops as if they're people that fuck up, and that will be a big step forward. Wow,  I knew that the whole time ...  you just let me understand it. Well said Well then what would keep these riots from happening 24/7 How many cops are there in the us ? And how many times has a cop been legit Amberly racist.  I will admit it happens but not as much as the mainstream media makes it seem.  My grandpa is the nicest Pearson I have ever met...  he is a former cop and would trust active duty cops he knows with his life to make the right decisions. Thank you too Interesting point, thanks for your perspective Neither. Most protestors aren't bad, most cops aren't bad. People just need to stop being hypocrites. Of course. Couldn't have it any other way. people need to atop doing this. The economy is finally starting to recover from the coronavirus and they talking about burning down the stock exhcange. I just invested 2000$ in the stock market that i worked my ass off trying to get for  4 months I really dont care what color they are. So sick of hearing what black people are doing, what white people are doing. People should be judged by the content of their character and held responsible for their actions. I am so happy you used the word Powerful! You just don't see that word around here... If you think it was about haircuts then I have to believe you’re just straight up lying to support the narrative at this point. No one can be that dumb. Oh sorry. I wasn’t arguing against the people flipping being hypocritical. But I don’t think it’s fair to say one event caused these protests. it did watch the video link Which one is it I think Brave is the wrong word even for their characterization of themselves. https://vm.tiktok.com/Ed852L/ So because it’s multiple, COVID no longer gives a fuck? My grandparents deserve having their lives endangered for that? I would like to know why (as I’m sure many might think this way) this is downvoted if someone can start a discussion instead of playing the voting game. It isn’t just ONE social injustice. It’s the culmination of many, and the event with George Floyd lit the fuse. BLM has their own medical examiner? Look at our president, inciting people to violence, then hiding in a bunker all weekend. I think he expected to be treated like the human being he is, and like George Floyd should have been treated.

The hypocrisy of some people is mind blowing. >If protesting will show politicians that this is an important issue I support it.

Honestly, if it works, then maybe I will support it in hindsight. I don't know what it takes for politicians to take notice. The message of police reform is a good one. It just leaves a bad taste in my mouth seeing protests in the midst of coronavirus; protests accompanied by riots, that aren't all signaling the same message. If the protests were simply about police reform, I'd be on board for the most part. It's still irresponsible to protest in an environment with covid-19, but it's not really my place to judge. I think what republicans have been noticing is the lack of unity amongst progressives. Democrats are fighting a war on three or four fronts right now: racism, transgenderism, collectivism (as far as power of the state vs individual, especially coronavirus), and police reform. There are too many chefs in the kitchen. The only message republicans are seeing, since they aren't on the inside of the movement, is one of divisive hate as the protests set the stage for the riots. "Their message is about black excellence and protection for their community. And 2. Consider what it would truly feel like to be racially profiled and constantly have your fellow community members killed by the police who are not held accountable." - Here's a link to their website  [https://blacklivesmatter.com/#](https://blacklivesmatter.com/#)  On the front page they're calling for defunding the police. That doesn't sound like promoting black excellence to me. Lets dig a big further.

" We are self-reflexive and do the work required to dismantle cisgender privilege and uplift Black trans folk, especially Black trans women who continue to be disproportionately impacted by trans-antagonistic violence." - Implying that there's a "cisgender" conspiracy to destroy gays which is obviously untrue, gay and lesbian people have all the rights any normal heterosexual has.

&#x200B;

" We dismantle the patriarchal practice that requires mothers to work “double shifts” so that they can mother in private even as they participate in public justice work."

"We disrupt the Western-prescribed nuclear family structure requirement by supporting each other as extended families and “villages” that collectively care for one another, especially our children, to the degree that mothers, parents, and children are comfortable." 

&#x200B;

"We foster a queer‐affirming network. When we gather, we do so with the intention of freeing ourselves from the tight grip of heteronormative thinking, or rather, the belief that all in the world are heterosexual (unless s/he or they disclose otherwise)."

&#x200B;

"We build a space that affirms Black women and is free from sexism, misogyny, and environments in which men are centered."

&#x200B;

All from the What We Believe section of their website. Hardly any mention of the black men that typically are the ones usually gunned down in these altercations with the police. All their goals seem to be centered around feminism/gay rights/smashing the patriarchy not black excellence. The truth is BLM is a far left group working hand in hand with many other far left groups behind the scenes to reshape Western society fundamentally. They don't like America and never will. If more conservatives weren't so afraid of being called racists they'd open their eyes and see what this movement is really all about. Someone lost their Xbox privileges! I agree with you that initially protesting are fueled by an emotional response. As well that it is difficult to tell if this situation would be handled properly if protesting was not involved. I still believe there could have been a better response. 

Outside of this situation, where I think we will continue to disagree is that there have been multiple instances in the last few years were police have been given way too much leniency for their mistakes/wrongful actions and there needs to be some reform so that people will become more trusting of the system. If protesting will show politicians that this is an important issue I support it. It's a joke chill out Sigh... 

I guess that's what I get for posting on a Republican sub. So... a chink? Yes, but generally republican rallies are more peaceful than a mass protest in which they are claiming such things as 'all cops are bad' and 'white people need to get what they deserve'. Don't think short dress on this one: think "hey guys, I know you all wanna get back to your looting and rioting and everything, but can you all look for a minute at this big red hat that symbolizes a lot of the things you supposedly fight against? And can you all make sure i caught your attention during a riot in which you are blaming the man this hat represents for the death of a random black man?" I'm not saying it's right to beat up a man just for wearing a piece of clothing, but he should have known it was dangerous to go out and even more dangerous to wear that hat The agenda being police reform? I think that's my initial confusion because I would have thought police reform in terms of accountability and transparency would be beneficial for everyone, don't you think? 

Let's say it is part of a progressive agenda, does that make it bad? I could be misinterpreting you (as I already have) but it seems that the protests (not the riots) are being viewed as negative by people on the right because they are somehow being associated with 'the other tribe' whereas I don't understand how that connection is being made when the protests are (generally) demanding something that would make our society better and safer for everyone. Yeah I disagree with those things. Nope. Turn on the news. The MAGA hat will be in future textbooks right next to the swastika. IDK, I could walk into any gun rally or Republican rally with a Bernie 2020 hat and not have a single hand laid on me. Troll In my opinion, the protests are too wide in their messages. There are some protesting for Blacklivesmatter, some for justice in this one instance against Officer Chauvin, some for police violence in general, some calling for police in general to be held accountable, some saying "white silence is violence" calling for an end to racism. 

The only common factor I can pinpoint is progressive ideology utilizing Floyd's death to push an agenda, which is generally a Democratic one.

I probably painted it with too broad a brush. No, I’m not the person who posted that description. I saw you asking what that other person was referring to and I posted the source. Thanks for expanding, I'm trying to see your perspective;

>I didn't say all Democrats are labeling all cops as racists.

I think I was confused when you said;
>Democrats assume racism to be the cause of Floyd's death. They do not wait for a coroner's report, and act without having important information available to them. They assume that racism is pervasive throughout the whole police system.

And;
>They justify riots and protests as being a means to an end, while harming entire cities and causing millions of dollars in damage. It didn't suddenly become okay to damage others' property or ignore social distancing "for a good cause". 

Maybe you can see how I interpreted what you were saying as a generalization of **all** Democrats and **all** protesters. Ambiguous and pedantic, I know, so I'll rescind my point on that and accept that you meant **some** democrats and **some** protesters. Sure.

I do believe though, that suggesting that racism is at least present in the police system as being part of a progressive agenda is dubious. Especially when there is evidence to suggest there is more than enough for concern.

>Perhaps the protest and riot is too much of a mess for any actual message to be inferred

The message is the police should stop brutalizing people and face consequences when they do. Even if a person is very obviously guilty of murder they should be treated humanely and consistently. See the arrest of the Charleston shooter. Unquestionably despicable person but arrested competently. Now contrast with Lloyd who tried to use a fake $20 (maybe unknowingly). Racism argument aside, do you see how the disparity is cause for concern?

>I expect police officers to behave according to a certain standard, but they are humans, not robots. Being a police officer is not easy.

Nobody said it was easy, I think people just want there to be consequences when they commit crimes. Being a police officer shouldn't be a special class of citizen where you can be protected by other police officers. I think there's some merit to the widely shared rhetoric that if nobody was taping the alleged murder of George Lloyd, we would never be hearing about this and the situation wouldn't be scrutinized.

I think we agree the police should face consequences, but my question was, why is protesting for police reform part of some democratic agenda when, in my opinion, it should be a non partisan issue?

I really don't think accountability and transparency is too much to ask for from a public servant.

Maybe we're lost in the weeds I would be hesitant to ever call something perfect when dealing with justice or the justice system. It would be easier to judge the situation  if the protests never happened, because then the situation would have developed naturally and without external influence. Currently, we don't know if the charges against Officer Chauvin are an indirect result of the protests, trying to appease the rioters especially.
I do think the protestors are being illogical based on the timing of the protests compared to the crime. It seems like the only reason to protest so soon and so strongly was because it was fresh in their minds (emotional).

Edit: Also, all protestors are not necessarily the same. Some are certainly more logical than others. Not all of them but it’s still very common for them to utter these kind of things We can apply this logic to anyone in their tribe and demonstrate why it's unfair to label the entirety of the group due to a nonrepresentative minority commits the transgressions.

Black people? But not all...

Latino? But not all... Tell me why I have to call my family and make sure they are safe because there’s all these protestors and looters going crazy and everyone is going down the street just shows they scare me more than cops how dumb So in your opinion this situation was handled perfectly and the protestors are being illogical?

Edit: not the officers actions of course but everything following the events of that day i dont think protesting a child rapist is so bad Mean while in America"Just Obey Authority" >Why can we not hold public servants to the same standard?

I don't intend to fully spell out this argument here. You can't make an omelette without breaking some eggs. If having police is a desirable end, then police need special rights, some of which include leniency in arrest. Citizen protestors vs cops who are supposed to work for them... exercising rights vs a job... proof that there are specific agitators in the protests vs endless footage of savage rioting cops... I wonder who’s in the right. Acab Its Grand Old Party for a reason.... Maybe it’s the way we train that’s the problem. It’s already been said but there’s bad people on both sides. But there’s a systemic problem here that happens all the time, and it’s not rioting. No thats not actually my argument at all. I'm simply trying to say you can't generalize people like that. Period. Thats the thing. The actual movement does not propose violence that is done by people who use the movement's name in vain. Similar to when religion is used as a justification for violence, the religion never supported or advocated for this violence which is why it should not be blamed for that violence. The same applies to the BLM movement (which is not trash). This is simply a movement of African Americans who want the violence imposed on their community to stop. And y that statistic is not indicative of the issue at large, the fact is that as a nation we have a prison and police system that was built to repress people of color, in this case African Americans, that fact is undeniable. 

Please, before hating on BLM and saying they're trash, consider two things: 1. Their message is about black excellence and protection for their community. And 2. Consider what it would truly feel like to be racially profiled and constantly have your fellow community members killed by the police who are not held accountable. 

Thanks for keeping it civil. I'ma guy who listens to both sides of the aisle (which is why I hear out Ben Shapiro) and I believe facts AND empathy are essential in a functioning America. I bet you’re the kind that says women deserve to be raped for wearing a short dress. Disgraceful Kinda funny how a small government sub is so pro government now. One might start to think this place has a few people participating in bad faith or  obviously using "conservative" as a whistle for other not-at-all conservative beliefs. I'm sure that's a great comfort to breana Taylor's family. "They don't even murder THAT many of you in your beds at night. God, quit whining"

You don't choose who shows up to protests because the rule of law has broken down. You do choose who is on those police forces that break the law and are not held accountable. So... a blink? So your argument is the bar for the people we give guns to protect us is equal to the bar of "literally anyone who shows up, including opportunistic thieves" is okay? 

That's your argument?

Really?

And you think you're not very obviously in the wrong here?

*Fascinating.* Well you can argue that some bad protesters make the whole protest wrong while agreeing that some bad cops make an unjust system.

Or

There are some bad protesters, but there are some bad police. Not everybody is defined by the mistakes of the few.

You’d be a hypocrite to believe that one group is all bad because of some bad examples while believing the opposing force simply has a few bad apples.

In a nutshell, the kind of person you are is to either blame the whole, blame the guilty, or you’re an asshole just trying to rage

Thanks for coming to my ted talk:) I paraphrased the 2nd sentence of you post in order to make my point. >First you’re able to say that Democrats are labeling all cops as racists, but don’t you see the irony in saying all protestors are rioters

I didn't say all Democrats are labeling all cops as racists.
I didn't say all protestors are rioters.
It's entirely possible to denounce the actions of an individual without extrapolating it to the whole system. It is a matter of progressive agenda because it IS being extrapolated.


Perhaps the protest and riot is too much of a mess for any actual message to be inferred, because we're only now learning what to actually charge Chauvin with (manslaughter vs murder and its degree) but the riots and protests have been going on for days. The justice system has a process.

>Why is expecting justice for violent police officers only part of the democratic agenda?

I expect police officers to behave according to a certain standard, but they are humans, not robots. Being a police officer is not easy.
Of course I expect corrupt police to be held accountable, and I doubt I am much different from (other?) republicans (I'm generally nonpartisan but republicans seem to be on the right side of this argument).
If this situation were about merely "justice for Floyd", then we would wait until the officer is found not guilty in a court of law. That certainly hasn't happened, so there is nothing to protest on that front. Isn't the difference that the protesters are calling out the bad protesters for doing bad things while police officers don't call each other out for doing bad things like murder unarmed people? How very platonic of you, well I’m more of an Aristotle guy myself, I believe the concept and truth of something is inherently part of its physical existence, not floating abstractly in the sky somewhere - so I don’t believe at all that they are different things because in reality they come out to the same effect. So maybe there is some abstract concept in the ether which represents this system for you, but when you see it, you see it in the form of people - so for me, and as far as what will happen in the world being the same thing, there is no separation which is not entirely imagined by those who would like to think of themselves as clever. It took several days before charges were brought against the officer. The mayor of Minneapolis stated the police did nothing wrong. The police officers on seen stood by and watched this event unfold and following this event a 100 police officers were lined up outside protecting the officers house. If there was not widespread public outcry its difficult to say what would have happened. 

If the officer was a bouncer or security guard he would have gone to jail that same day. Why can we not hold public servants to the same standard? This really isn't a political issue. You can support good cops and still support these protests. The issue stems from the fact that bad cops are not being punished severely enough. That Asian police officer should have told his fellow officer to get off his neck and helped him get up so they could just arrest him rather than stand there to defend his fellow officer. I don't know what went through in his mind but any sensible officer would have noticed that Floyd was in any way a danger to anyone. My brother-in-law is a cop. He damn sure ain't letting a co-worker of his do that in front of him. I respect the work a police officer does but it's not difficult to spot bad cops when you're around then unless you're also a bad cop. Thanks for your comment,

2 things you said that didn’t land right with me;

First you’re able to say that Democrats are labeling all cops as racists, but don’t you see the irony in saying all protestors are rioters? From what we’ve seen it’s like a shift change, the protestors go home at the enforced curfew and opportunistic looters come out at night. You can argue sources but from what’s on the news, any day-time clashes seem to be police instigated. So I’m confused why this is align with some democratic agenda, as you suggest. 

Second, my initial confusion is why this is a partisan issue, when you would think that everyone would expect cops to behave at a standard. What we’ve been seeing is consistent sub-standard behavior from our government. Why is expecting justice for violent police officers only part of the democratic agenda? Wouldn’t republicans expect corrupt/unprofessional police to be held accountable? 

Even racism aside, I don’t think it’s unreasonable to expect the police to not be killing people. Especially in this instance when Lloyd was allegedly using a fake $20.

Not trying to argue, just confused on some stuff you mentioned. There‘s more people to vote for than the senile old man or the dipshit crazy old man, just saying. BLM are trash. Rampant police brutality is a myth, only 0.01% of all police interactions end in a death of a civilian. BLM is a far left group posing as a anti-police brutality group. Go read their website if you don't believe me. Deleted post incoming in 3....2.... Nah Ben is pretty wack... We have gear too. Guns. See this nonsense logic right here is why we can’t have real conversations.  This extreme view of the world because you obviously haven’t put any real thought into it and because you just react off emotions is why we are in trouble.  Cops don’t have authority  over your life you numbskull. The criminal who decides to 1) commit a crime and 2) endanger lives and 3) fight the police have total control over the situation including the outcome.  Why can’t you brains dead morons stop and truly analyze and think about that for a minute? The cops respond.  Sometimes yes, they are bad and commit crimes. But by and large they respond to actions.  They don’t play offense.  They play defense. Well, yeah. Wearing a symbol of racism at an anti-racism protest will probably do that. Yeah...I agree kinda.. walked into that one...literally The 2nd amendments patriots that stormed the capital dont understand that this isnt 1776 or any archaic tyrannical government with guns,This is the US military that has been given  power & special forces ready to take on any task with deadly training,equipment. He's literally facing consequences right now.
Your logic is incomplete. Why do you need a coroners report? Do you really believe the cause of death was from anything other than choking to death. The video footage shows a man handcuffed and walking down the street with 4 police officers while cooperating. Something else happens and we have all seen the footage of the cop with a knee on his throat while the man is begging for his life. The cop that killed him knew floyd personally. 

If the cop was taken to jail that same day and the police department along with government officials were to issue an apology then there would have be no reason for these riots to take place. 

Horrible events keep happening and police officers are not being held accountable for their mistakes. 

The issue isn’t political its humanitarian. I do not want to live in a country that permits cops to act unjustly and not face any consequences. For me it has nothing to do with racism. Agreed, I got suspended from r/news because some idio... um, some user posted that "he's NEVER been prouder to be an American" last night. That kind of sentiment is unimaginable to me. Its bad when your own politicians & news reporters also get arrested & attacked for obeying while observing.. The problem is the cops get paid no matter who or how they kill. I don't think those statements contradict each other. I'm all for policies that decrease government in our lives but I don't have interest in throwing rocks at officers like the rioters. What a shocker Remember, these are the same people who say everything is relative like morality and identity. We’ve seen Democrats blatantly lie in order to advance their political agenda or ignore context and facts. The logic of the left is just sad I don't get it. I always am interested in finding common ground but how can we when people condone violence and property damage against people who have nothing to do with George Floyd. Cool torch Bryson, want to bring it to the white house? Enough do believe it that it's a problem. Just like enough cops are bastards that it's a problem.

A white dude stabbed a black dude during the protests. Police showed up, arrested the white dude, administered first aid, and loaded the injured man into a can so they could take him to the hospital. All the while, the police were being heckled by members of the crowd. They even got large rocks thrown at them as they were leaving. I always thought school was dumb for trying to teach "critical thinking". Like, how hard is it to just think things through? When I see posts like these, I realize I was wrong to criticize. First, Democrats assume racism to be the cause of Floyd's death.
They do not wait for a coroner's report, and act without having important information available to them.
They assume that racism is pervasive throughout the whole police system.
They justify riots and protests as being a means to an end, while harming entire cities and causing millions of dollars in damage. It didn't suddenly become okay to damage others' property or ignore social distancing "for a good cause". 
The media supports the protests and tries to create a favorable narrative, labeling rioters as justice warriors.

Suddenly, we've extrapolated and escalated a single accidental death into nationwide violence and black vs white racial unrest.
The reason it's a partisan issue? Because it's all for the Democratic progressive agenda. Well if you read through what people on the right are saying, quite a few of them ignore the long list of unarmed people who were killed and they say "nah it's all George Soros and antifa" I'm starting to think it's a game their playing because when you ask them strait up how, who and what proof they have, you get a response similar to what I've gotten here. As far as I know, antifa is not really even much of a real organization. It's really a state of mind. Basically a counter to white supremacy. Just another demonized idea from the left because they would rather straw man and create boogie men rather than confront what's literally happening in front of our eyes. That's just my opinion tho and I'm open to having my mind changed Another one praising the police is flying over today. I don’t think money is an issue. Goes to the range once and thinks he’s ready to overthrow the government lol But that’s my point...we can’t just dismiss racism like it hasn’t and isn’t a thing just as much as we cant dismiss any one person for not complying with police and committing crimes. Trying to dismiss one will not work, the country doesn’t work that way. It wasn’t designed to work that way especially now because of the polarized political system we have. If we just stick with your view of the issues at hand, we would be constantly running into a wall.

We have to recognize the difference, if we can’t we are truly lost. We can’t just out right say black people commit more crime for no reason there for black people are the problem. We have to discover why those statistics you posted above are like they are and no matter how you look at it racism, which is a factor, is apart of it. We do the same for cops by looking into the psychological effect of being a police officer in high stress scenarios. 

That is apart of the issue here for example, being arrested is a high stress scenario...arresting someone is a high stress scenario...we only looked at one of them. We only gave the benefit of the doubt to one of them. 

We need to learn to think deeper to fine a balance and debates like this one help us do just that. God. I hope these people realize what they are doing. Maybe some day they can see reason. Except that “the system is racist” and “all cops are racist” are not the same thing at all Just ridiculous. What can he hope to gain from this? It's like throwing a steak at a pack of rabid wolves. A man who looks at both sides of the argument is all the better for it. Well truly what did he expect. It's common sense not to do that. And I hate to say it, but wearing a MAGA hat anywhere is at least partially for the reaction that people give. Still the protestors are fully in the wrong here I have to agree. These protests are wrong in every sense of the word. There’s a law stating you have to go inside if they ask you too You don't get censored for biased views here. Unlike r/politics where you get censored if your comment wasn't quite hateful enough towards America. Such a waste of money tbh The coronavirus is not real to say a cop is the authority over your life is exactly why the system is flawed. we have courts...and juries...and prosecutors...and judges....no one man should be all of these things. it's all about context. https://www.statista.com/statistics/585152/people-shot-to-death-by-us-police-by-race/

More white people are killed by cops. Now the per capita number would see a higher rate for black deaths by cops, but we need to think of some other statistics as well.

[Here](https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cv18.pdf) is a long survey study about violence in the US in 2018. If you go down to table 14 you will see a table about crime against various races. So you will see the victim column, and then you will see the percentage of total violent crimes against them, and then you will see the columns that show the percentage of that total that was perpetrated by people of a specific race. So you can see all the statistics for white on black crime, black on white crime, Hispanic on white crime and so on.

White people were victimized almost 3.6 million times in 2018. 62% of that number was white on white. 15% of that was black on white. So in 2018 black people violently hurt white people about 530,000 times.

Let's go down to the black victims row. The total incidents of violence against black people was 563,940, not much more than the total incidence of black on white violence... and that was the total violence against them. But okay, smaller population. So let's break it down. Of that total, white on black violence accounted for just a bit more than 10% of it. Black on black violence accounted for just over 70% of it. So black people committed violence against other black people in the US in 2018 around 392,000 times. White people committed acts of violence against black people in the US in 2018 around 56,394 times.

Black on White violence: ~530,000
Black on Black violence: ~392,000
White on Black violence: ~ 56,394

Keep in mind that white people make up about 73% of the US population, Black people make up about 13%. Black people are only 1/5 the size of the white population in the US and yet black people commit 9 times more violence against white people than white people commit against black people.

But even worse than that is the number of black on black violence. So if there is a disparity between the number of black people shot vs. white people shot by cops, might that have something to do with it? Might it just be that right now, black people are disproportionately committing crimes and are often taught not to comply with police? Might that have something to do with it instead of cops just being racist? \#The\_narrative He was charged on friday Definitely not taking it too seriously. My main problem with this is that people are lambasting others who do say things as being superficial or ingenuine. Those that don't say anything are being labeled as racist for their silence. Honestly I am uncomfortable doing either. It was a horrible act. George Floyd did not deserve to die by any stretch. However here in America I was always taught we had freedom of speech or the freedom to remain silent as well. Things have gone too far when having an opinion and expressing that opinion or not for better or worse can influence things in the workplace. White people are being fired from their jobs  for making comments that are believed by others to be racist remarks, but this guy can be blatantly racist against whites and is in encouraged bc i believe too many people are afraid of the backlash if they act against it. Not saying he can't have his opinion but it doesnt need to be brought to the workplace. Save it for peaceful protests. It's just thinly veiled racism. Oh wait, are we talking about the charges that where made today?
The fact that they where made today is what’s led us to where we are today. Yes red states but what color is the city? There’s a difference. Texas is mostly red because some of its smaller cities and most if not all of its rural areas vote Republican on most everything. I've made [a post](https://reddit.com/r/policebrutality/comments/guo74u/i_am_making_a_master_list_of_all_the_videosimages/) to document police violence in these protests, if anyone wants to see or has anything to share. Did you just wake up from a coma?? Look again, also in other red states too That’s the only Texas city I’ve heard of  dealing with this crap at least Karen was not protesting for barber shops. That's why you don't get it. It's satire, my dude. Didn’t they catch a bunch of connected white supremacist looting and rioting in Minnesota?

I could be wrong, but I don’t think they were BLM Bottom line: there’s shitty people on every side, but the majority are not shitty. That’s because the muh Russia crap failed. They had to bring back ole reliable! Racism! Some right wing dude  did it in my town too. 👏Well said. Also no law saying you can't be outside on your private property. Republicans: you can't say all gun owners are violent when it's only a VERY SMALL group being violent! The majority of us use guns for peaceful things! 

Also Republicans: there are a few bad protesters out there so ALL protesters are bad!!

See the fallacy in "the truth" of your post? And also that’s completely different there’s no law stating I have to suck said dick Yes Bruh that didn’t happen Paint balls can still cause serious injury, and just because this single person was hit in the waist does not mean there have not been numerous times where the police are aiming for the head. It’s just Dallas? Wrong. The ACAB shit is ubiquitous Wait are we still talking about george floyd? Because if so Chauvin was most certainly charged with 3rd degree murder and 2nd degree manslaughter and ALL of the officers were fired. For sure, but does this have anything to do with race? All I see from protestors is BLM this, BLM that. Justice was served already, people are just throwing a tantrum now This isn’t happening primarily in “black ghettos”, it’s happening downtown in business type districts. Arrest them? How about leave them the fuck alone? They are innocent people what ab the cops destroying their own cars and taking pictures? this isn’t a black and white situations, there’s good and bad in both groups Local fox affiliates usually have a deal with another local affiliate like the local abc, cbs, or nbc affiliate. Like in my region, the CBS affiliate struck a deal with FOX so that they cover both their CBS news stuff and the FOX news stuff.

Anyway, your dismissal of this is dishonest. Take care. Not just celebrities, politicians, Joe Biden is donating to have them bailed out. That's not a good reason to ignore the truth and if you stood accused i would hope they got the story right.

Just because he didn't technically cause the death doesn't mean he isn't responsible. In other words, he still prevented the guy from easily breathing while they were figuring out what to do. That might not be murder but manslaughter, I'm not sure the designation. It's not like he'd got off scott free on a technicality. It's still wrong what he did.

We should always look for the full story and not be afraid of what we will find because it might hurt what we think should happen. If we want a justice system that works we need one that is accurate. The guy was wrong, but throwing a murder charge around because it'll make you feel better is not justice. Justice is assigning a fair accusation and a fair sentence. The protestors themselves acknowledge this though, and do not associate or try to protect these rioters. 

There isnt such an acknowledgement within the police force. Would a good man harboring a fugitive not also be legally responsible and charged?

Edit: a word If i ask you to suck my dick would you do it without question? This isn't symantics, and I'm not trying to let this guy off at all, but accuracy in narratives is important for good discourse. Imagine a person who has a weak aorta. It is on the verge of bursting but is stable under regular, low stress circumstances. In the high stress situation of an arrest, including not fully cooperating, the aorta bursts and the guy dies. Was the cop at fault? I mean if the cop really roughed the guy up for no reason, sure. In fact if you hit a person in the head and happen to hit them just right that it bursts an aneurism, you can be tried for murder even though it was a freak accident. It wouldn't be first degree, it would be 3rd degree maybe.

Anyway, now imagine a similar situation with a suspect with that heart issue. The cop doesn't follow protocol perfectly, but does it mostly by the book. Let's say the cop detains him a bit more forefully. Maybe it wasn't completely kosher but not completely unreasonable, is the death the cop's fault? Certainly not entirely, right? I mean the arrest caused the stress thar likely led to the burst, the person did physically exert himself a little while he was being uncooperative, even if the cop shouldn't have been quite so rough, nothing the cop did was so far beyond normal that you can assign blame to him. I mean the guy was commiting a crime, knowing that he could be arrested, while he may not have known of his condition, people know these things are possible. Do you arrest the cop for murder when he was just a little too forceful?

We do have to give cops some wiggle room, and I don't mean a way to escape a murder charge when they do something bad on purpose or something. I mean that of they make a bad judgment call in a split second decision, maybe we need to show some leniency. Like we can't demand a cop's head if they have their weapon drawn and tell a suspect to freeze, but the suspect suddenly and very abruptly reaches into his jacket and starts to pull something out that might be a gun. That said, we also can't just give a cop a pass if in a similar situation the suspect foolishly reaches into a breast pocket but everything is easy to see because he's not reaching deep into a jacket, and they can see the pocket which clearly can't be holding a gun and in fact looks to have a pack of cigs in it. If a cop shoots that person? That cop ought to be arrested and tried. For murder? No, but manslaughter or something? Totally.

Now in the case of Floyd and Chauvin (And this is likely what the case will center around), the question is did Chauvin's actions, while awful, cause the death of Floyd? It may be the answer is no, but Chauvin prevented him from getting the help Floyd needed out of gross negligence. That is also terrible, I'm not sure what that would be designated as, manslaughter? Maybe that is 3rd degree murder.

Anyway, the point is that they have this guy on something for sure. It was never going to be 1st degree murder. I just hope people aren't dead set on murder because we do need oir justice system to be accurate. We can't have a justice that assigns the crime of murder out of the fear that anything less will lead to riots. Then no one has justice and we've lost what the protests were fighting for to begin with.

There are those that are calling this an execution. That is simply not the case. And that speaks to why we need to get specific and get the words right. There are those that still believe this was an execution and that this cop should die. That would be a miscarriage of justice just as bad as what happened to Floyd. I'm going to let you in on a little secret. Life is more than youtube videos. I couldn't agree with this more! This George Floyd tragedy is the first time in memory that I've seen one of these incidents and thought... that officer should be convicted of murder. Most times, people (black, white, brown, whatever) all commit the same offense... they don't COMPLY! I'm sorry but if I have someone in power that possesses a gun, it'll be "yes sir, no sir (or yes ma'am, no ma'am)" at that moment in time. I don't care their sex, their age, their race or anything else. If I disagree with anything, I'll take it up with the judge. I don't want my life ended because someone fueled by adrenaline made the wrong split-second decision. I just can't understand why more people dont feel the same way. Then your comment should have said that the reports you saw showed mainly black people. Your comment is still an unconvincing argument because it basically tries to say that whit supremacists wouldn't benefit from this turning violent What are you talking about?  I’ve seen a dozen posts today along the lines of “police took off their riot gear to march with the protestors”.  In the past I’ve seen videos of police playing basketball with black teenagers on this site.  People love that kind of feel-good bullshit. If you‘re still supporting the cops you‘re farther deranged than Ben Garrison. Just saying. Yeah, it's fine to vandalize and Molotov churches but not worship in them. America in 2020. Yeah but fuck the rioters. Everybody hates them Exactly. Another major factor to this crisis. treat them like those bored, rich kids that joined ISIS. The issue they are protesting is that the small group of bad cops are protected from persecution when they misbehave I think the reason that I, personally, missed this angle is one of two reasons: either the color is WAY off on my tv or 90% of white supremacists have the darkest tans I've ever seen. Well I was about to link it but I just saw his family had an independent autopsy done that contradicts the first one. The independent autopsy says Floyd's death "was homicide caused by asphyxia due to neck and back compression that led to a lack of blood flow to the brain." So wtf is that about. “If a police officer states it you must do so” I mean, that’s not true. And if a police officer states you must hand over your legal firearms? What then? If I police officer stated I MUST take a breathalyzer, can I still refuse it? (which is my right) or does he now have grounds to mace me or shoot me with non-lethal rounds?

To blame someone for doing literally nothing wrong, on their own property, other than not responding to an illegal police order is a really fucked up mindset. If you wonder how authoritarians rise to power it’s because of how you just responded.

If you’re not concerned by that reaction by the cops, you truly don’t belong in a free state because you don’t even believe in one. As one user pointed out, this is a strawman. Moreover, I think people are protesting the tendencies of police departments to protect their police officers so as to not damage the public relations within their community. Just look at the statement

https://web.archive.org/web/20200526121443/https://www.insidempd.com/2020/05/26/man-dies-after-medical-incident-during-police-interaction/

"he appeared to be suffering medical distress"

Yes, for them it is a race issue, but nonetheless it is still a police brutality issue. Hey y'all,,, it's not y'all Antifa, but they be a part of it. Oh really was he now? Seriously fox news need to stop this. Like the fact is a man needlessly died for a minor non violent offence. 

No amount of training the man had would have justified this. This is a pattern that hasn't been addressed for years.

Stop sharing this sort of thing it's divisive and that's is not what we need right now Police plants? Are you serious with this? I would absolutely love to see any evidence you have for that assertion. I mean it's really not its always been about police brutality. Though I wouldnt dismiss that some white supremacists are in there to use the cover of a riot to do some attacks on black people. There's nothing to correct. I'm not saying it wasn't wrong but maybe it's manslaughter, maybe it's murder. I'm not sure why you have a problem admitting that the cause of death may not actually be directly a result of what the cop did. We still agree it was wrong. I mean the protest is that the system keeps letting this happen but sure, you believe that Why are gun toting 2nd amendment right white dudes joining in? Why is this happening in a country where the leader is a republican? 

This isn't partisan. Is that why the protests, riots, and looting are happening in BOTH republican and democrat led cities? This is SO much bigger than whether is someone is liberal or conservative. But yes, that is their logic, and it’s rarted I personally don’t mind riots so long as they’re not geared towards innocent business owners, and more geared towards police stations, and I wouldn’t normally even be OK with riots, it’s just the whole battle between police brutality over 200 years Woah there mate. Calm down begining to sound a bit russian. I'm with this guy. We've been asking that for 3.5 years and somehow everytime it's "evidently not I guess" I mean if we wanna go that far the president was reposting and supporting actual terrorist organisations Qanon. 

What does that make him? 

Etheir fine for terroism if it's done for the benefit of himself. Or just plain dangerous. Just be an American with values honestly. Think more about why you are this way and question your beliefs. 

Infact don't even think about it like an american with values think about it like human being Oh my god no they didn't please look around and realise this isn't about any particular party anymore this is much bigger than that. 

The leader of the free world claimed terroism on one side and then litterally shared another terrorist groups retoric within 48 hours or advocating for more violence. 

This isn't a partisan issue anymore this has gone way beyond tribalist politics. Called the “not all Scotsman” rhetorical case if anybody is wondering Haha good one. Except this happened with a republican in charge and the police are separate to any party and at least the dems seem to give a shit about police reform?

Like again police brutality isn't a partisan issue it's a civil rights issue stop sharing these inherintely divisive articles if you want things to change. Are you aware of what satire is? Yeah but the answer isn't risking people's lives. Its getting the politicians to support people. There isnt an objectively right thing to do people will get hurt some people have already died but the reaction has not been good. 

When the president is threatening citizens. Something is wrong Lol, you are downplaying it so hard! “Annoyed at grocery lines” get that bullshit out of here!

It was because small business owners had zero money and starving families. Their literal livelihoods were at stake. And so did people with literal Confederate flags when they protested against legitmate lock down rules. 

Hell there's right wing groups amongst the protestors themselves what does this prove? It's a right wing """"satire page"""" delegitimsing actual protests cause they think it's left wing and thats bad. 

It's been done. We can ignore it and move on Could you link me to the autopsy, I can only seem to find them saying that they will release it soon. Police cannot have any “bad apples” that job like the military needs to have serious repercussions to anyone not doing their job properly. By claiming it's medical kinda stops him from being held accountable when he is and he actively killed a man we can argue semantics all we like. 

The fact is a man died who didn't need too. The autopsy made by the police that flew directly against the videos circulating that were entirely different. 

Like let's not kid ourselves let's call it exactly what it is. Murder. 

It was plain and simple. 

And yes the autopsy report may be right but I highly fuckin doubt it. 

Like please I'm not trying to attack you. I'm just trying to correct you. Beacause the fact remains a man died while in police custody for a non violent offense that wouldny have happened if he were white. 

Like I can understand but this evidence is flimsy at best harmful at worse. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/minneapolis-police-national-guard-paintball-shooting-porch-a9541016.html%3famp

Just search national guard light em up. I am over seventy and sometimes have senior moments. When this happens in a store or other place like I confuse my change etc. I apologize, and explain that I am old just like Biden except I am not running for president. There have been a lot of violent riots in the past 10 years. Fergason, Baltimore, Charlotte to name a few. It's changed nothing. What’s the benchmark for change? It never happens again? Sure sounds great, but it’s going to happen again. It’s going to be on video again. There is no easy solution. There's not even a proposed solution really. And it’s going to be really hard to tell if things are better or not without understanding what needs to change. There are good cops and bad cops. There are good protesters and bad. There are good intentions and bad. Until we're able to recognize the grey area in all sides we're never going to have meaningful change. We have to move beyond tribalism. There has to be a cultural shift on the left and the right. We need more accountability in law enforcement. This cop shouldn't have even had a job with the rap sheet he had. We need a justice, education, and healthcare system that's more equitable and less dependant on a person's race and socioeconomic status. We need more personal responsibility, more 2 parent households and a mutually shared understanding of moral/acceptable behavior. We need an educated, informed and involved electorate. That won't come fast or easy and in this climate, it seems impossible, but I think it starts with better leadership and that means finding people that can understand these grey areas start to bridge these gaps to find a common middle gorund. Firstly can we not use snowflakes. Like I'm a left leaning dude one of the biggest crituqes we have of right wing talking points is you guys litterally have 4 jokes and all of them mostly come from hate. 

Secondly these things aren't partisan they are about civil rights please realise this ...who will run you out of a supermarket for not wearing a mask. Reddit is compromised. Actually allot of the rioters are avoiding small businesses. It's a small number of fringe assholes who are doing it, or police plants.


Most of the damage is done to target and big retailers. Again, the action taken by the cop was wrong. But he didn't die then and the autopsy doesn't indicate that the cause of death was from that. Again, that doesn't mean it was right. To be fair allot of people are also just very annoyed at how the government has handled everything. 

This is kinda the point beacause people have gone I know it's a pandemic but this is more important. 

When people can justify that line of thinking and bi partisan people actually start to join them? 

Something is majorly wrong. This is good? Police brutality, wage inequality, student debt on the rise, medical debt at the highest it's been in decades, lack of legitmate leadership candidates the globe over, the rise of far right nationalism in the west. Having a litteral authoritarian in the white house? 

This is what's supposed to be considered good? 

Like hey at least we have more advanced tech I guess. And people aren't as openly racist as before. Most of the marches were socially distant.  You're right the virus doesn't care why people are gathering.  In both cases, people have the right to protest and given the pandemic, they should practice social distancing.  But I would argue that Black Lives Matter is a more just cause than being annoyed that there's limited amounts of people allowed in the grocery store. Can't get a haircut vs getting killed.... think there's a big difference The difference is it isn't the job of the peaceful protestors to stop rioters. It IS the job of good cops to stop bad cops.

The saying isn't "one bad apple makes the whole barrel LOOK bad" it is "one bad apple can spoil the whole barrel."

I don't think most cops are bad people, but I DO think most cops are bad cops. At least in the big cities. There are degrees of bad. The cops that use excessive force, frame people and are on the take are certainly the worst of them. And I think in most jurisdictions they are in the minority. However, the cops that cover for the worst cops, or look the other way when they see wrong doing are also bad cops, and that kind of bad cop seems to be in the majority of large city police forces. 

And that isn't me playing holier than thou. If I were a cop I probably wouldn't have the courage to turn in the bad cops either, which would make me a bad cop and thus not suited for the job. Mate you is chatting some right consipracy theory nonesense.

Most black lives matter protests have been completely peaceful, and against real and legitmate threats to the rights of black people. 


Your litterally explaining what happened to black people for hundreds of years.


Hell half of it could be thrown at the police sent to deal with George fylod himself. Looting started to escalate when the police started to use force that's the exact thing that happened. 

You need to remove yourself from party politics beacause it's so clear that's really far right probably really racist rethoric. This effects everyone of us. Yeah but the protesters aren’t killing people every single day Your porch is your property. Sitting on your porch, whether to defend your home from mobs or just to observe the neighborhood, is allowed under the terms of the curfew as stated by the mayor. These people were breaking no rules and yet these cops decided to go full Punisher on them, yelling “Let’s go! Let’s go! Light em up!”

If you don’t think that is wrong then you have allowed your politics to get in the way of your morals. [Light em up!](https://www.google.com/amp/s/minnesota.cbslocal.com/2020/05/30/light-em-up-video-appears-to-show-law-enforcement-shooting-paint-rounds-at-citizens-on-their-porch/amp/)

That's the one they're talking about. Mate let's agree that if anyone does any of the shit were seeing pulled by law enforcement right now they shouldn't own weapons. 

Now really is not the time for whataboutism I don’t see that is their claim at all, I don’t think BLM thinks all cops are bad but cops enforce a an unjust system of law, so yes cops are bad they chose to enforce the laws of a corrupted system. The police state IS the problem. No, that’s not true at all - it is REGULARLY argued that the criminal justice system is inherently racist and designed specifically and exclusively to target and abuse minorities, and maintain a system of white supremacy. So it’s not a straw man at all, regardless of how individual protesters (or the straight up looters for that matter) feel. Though I agree many protesters have a better and more reasonable understanding of their circumstances, it doesn’t negate this widely repeated messaging, or that many people both believe and act on it... Beacause the message isn't watered down by going well the police that are just being good and doing their job isn't enough any more. They need to be adamantly anti racist. Yes I am aware. I just wanted to point out that rubber bullets can be lethal as your comments left me with an impression that you might be unaware of the, frankly, destructive nature of rubber bullets. Playing devil's advocate: the cops are the ones who have the power, while protestors don't, so they can't be compared like this. But yea, whoever says all cops are bad are just trying to stir up trouble rather than protesting. The problem is that the police officers responsible for said bad interactions aren't held accountable and increasingly a feeling that they can get away from anything is being fueled(amongst the cops) with "bad" cops getting away with no backlash for their sometimes lethal and very unethical actions They were actually paint balls and the person was hit in the waist Ok but let's be real here no matter how healthy you are the dude litterally put his knee on his neck for 8 minutes. 

That would kill anyone. The report says allot of things but things simply do not add up. 

When a person says I can't breathe why didn't he then act? He has been part of shooting incidents before. This was incredibly similar to the Eric garner case who died for similar reasons.

This is just exposing how the police operate when no body is watching. All that happened this time was people were. They actually were paintballs I feel like it's important to point out that rubber bullets can kill if they hit unfortunate, soft penetrable places. There’s also a large issue of absolutely nothing being done to the “few bad apples”, and they are even protected to a large extent. Sorry, but the rounds being used are not none lethal, they are called less than lethal rounds. They still can easily cause serious harm or death to a person, especially when they are being aimed at the head, which is not how they are supposed to be used. And a couple more for good measure:

https://abcnews.go.com/US/nypd-officers-tip-off-body-cameras-watchdog-report/story?id=69254245

https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20181207/11242241179/atlanta-cops-caught-deleting-body-cam-footage-failing-to-activate-recording-devices.shtml

This is just when they've been caught. I'm sure you're right though, I'm sure it's not widespread. This is the kind of sentiment they are trying to tell us. 

This isn't about politics anymore cause this is a civil rights issue that has gone not addressed for way way too long. 

When the free press is being attacked for trying to comply even if you don't like them as an entity. The leader of your country is calling for further escalation. 

You have to ask is this really right? On a moral level do I agree with this. Is matieral goods more important than people's lives. Imagine the coordination that would have to take place lol They amended the order yesterday with the latter part newly included specifically because of this incident Autopsy has concluded that there was no sign of strangulation or apshixation. Floyd was a long time coke addict and dealer. There is a new video surfacing of Floyd dropping two baggies of a white powder while being arrested. Highly likely that he died from a stress/cocaine induced heart attack. I've watched the video and it never looked like he was struggling to breathe. He talked loudly until he went unconscious. And I'm very neutral in this, I just want the facts. When seconds count the police are only minutes away. Here's a few I found after a few seconds on Google. 

https://www.aclu.org/blog/privacy-technology/surveillance-technologies/abuses-show-police-departments-need-take-cameras

https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/after-baton-rouge-shooting-questions-swirl-around-body-cam-failures-n605386

https://www.news5cleveland.com/news/local-news/investigations/not-captured-how-northeast-ohio-police-body-worn-cameras-fail-to-record-critical-moments You still haven't answered my questions. Which solutions are proposed? What do the rioters actually want to happen? Justice for George Floyd? Well that is happening. The cops been charged with 3rd degree murder. Justice takes time. The rioters are only creating more problems, they are solving nothing. What solutions are the rioters providing? Dot hey just want anarchy? Cause that's a great way to artificially inflate police brutality. It doesn't matter how loud you yell, if you don't provide a solution nothing will ever happen. It doesn’t matter what they were shot with, the fact that they were shot at at all is an example of police brutality and a display of the fact that at least one officer  (clearly more than one as shown in the recording) had/has an itchy trigger finger to fire upon the citizens that they have taken an oath to protect. 

Punishments for noncompliance were clearly put in place and were not respected by the officers charged with enforcing them. He doesn’t like law enforcement and doesn’t like Republicans.  Hopefully he never needs to call police for help.  He should find a lower stress subreddit to read for entertainment (one that he agrees with) but he likes the back and fourth I suppose.  Anyway, 🍻. And as much of a piece of shit as they are, you can’t call them a piece of shit because then they can justify to themselves “oh they used a bad word so clearly they can’t be spoken to. Clearly as a reasonable person of reason I’m in the right here.” They weren’t actually shot by a rubber bullet it was a paintball and personally I believe that’s a better punishment then 1000 dollar fine or 90 days in jail but yes they should have done that probably instead This is not a political issue, this is a human rights issue. I honestly don’t know....maybe have one officer take a minute to explain the need for them to go inside? Or threaten to arrest? Really anything short of shooting....I know it was a warning shot more the anything, I still think it’s excessive....I’d be outraged if an officer shot at me on my own property. This sub: Authoritarianism is bad

This sub: Protect and respect our boys in blue Another fact . you got the right answer man Why bother with someone who believes in a police state lmao >anytime there is misconduct, all the body cams are magically dead

Show me the massive amounts of misconduct with dead body cams.  This is clearly an over statement. Exactly. This is NOT a Republican or Democrat issue. This is a problem with America. Fuck everyone who tries to put a political spin on this (looking at you MSNBC and Fox News). Yes thank you “...an individual who willfully violates this Executive Order is guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction must be punished by a fine not to exceed $1,000 or by imprisonment for not more than 90 days.”

At what point does this mention being shot at as punishment, rubber bullets or no. If the police officers were in danger or if an act of violence were occurring that would be one thing. However, the response from the police was very different from what the FAQ outlines. Disgusting animals [https://youtu.be/JvYpSubrqrc](https://youtu.be/JvYpSubrqrc)  On one hand, these people need more common sense. Military is telling you to get inside then you probably get in-fuckin-side. They were hit with a paintball, not a rubber bullet contrary to what MSM is saying. On the other hand, these are civilians at the door of their own home. This chaos sucks.

edit: pause at 00:24 second mark to see green paint on floor They didn’t listen to the officers what else do you suppose the officers do? Arrest them? That takes a lot of time and requires several officers Rioting is obviously not the right thing to do, but it does bring attention to the situation and makes the government want to actually do something about the injustices that are happening in the world right now.

People have been protesting peacefully for so many years now and not much has changed, so unfortunately this is what it has to come to for the people in power to make a change. Yes your logic is very solid. https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Pages/faq.aspx yes I do they say get inside several times But is the correct response to shoot rubber bullets at people who don’t comply? Seems excessive.... The issue with your last statement is that it could easily mean nothing. I mean how often do they run into each race? How many encounters involve aggressive people. It’s very hard to determine if it’s more common because of the numerous factors Can you provide a source for this? In addition, in the video, at any time can you hear the police ask these people to go inside before opening fire? Abolish police unions,  they actively protect bad cops No amount of good will justify the bad things they do. The good they do wont be affected or removed when we eliminate the bad apples and start holding them accountable. The curfew states that you may stay on your porch but if a officer tells you to go inside you must do so This is the Babylon bee. A Satie website In this case, the people shot at were breaking zero laws and not impeding anything the police were trying to do. The police had zero authority to order them inside in this case and less than zero authority to “light ‘em up.” Right, that's what I said. Be honest, man. I never said his sickness was his fault, or his death was his fault. But it was his fault he got arrested in the first place, and resisting arrest was a stupid thing to do, that is his fault, too. I’m not entirely sure about the rules of curfew there but the police asked them to go inside and they ignored them Looting isn't dissent. Looting is opportunism. Dissent is not complying with an unjust law, not resorting to anarchy. Its a moot point considering both sides are right >And just know, though we may have differing views I don’t fault you for anything and truly appreciate having someone to debate with. For once it’s like a breath of fresh air.

You too.

I want to make a point again about the cause of death though. I agree, cops do get some training about the body and medicine, but they are not trained to diagnose heart conditions. Pinning people is sometimes necessary, though that particular pin and the manner in which Floyd was pinned was clearly not necessary. Anyway, you seem to have a view that cops can adequately do their duty while also being aware of all the possible things that could make things go bad. In other words, it seems like you have this sense that a cop should somehow be attune to all possible outcomes or that they should change their behavior because one person might have a medical condition the cop can't possibly know about. And I totally get that, I get wanting to ensure that someone who might have brittle bones disease isn't roughed up by cops. The problem is we can't always do that AND ensure the safety of others or the safety of the cops.

I have a lot of disagreement with you, like I have some problems with the BLM movement I won't go into, I would rather focus on things we likely agree with.

I think you can agree that a cop's main priority is the safety of others, then their own safety (because they can't keep others safe when they are not alive) and finally, the safety of those they arrest. While many cops would sacrifice their lives to protect people, when it comes to the safety of a suspect resisting arrest and their own safety, that their own safety is more important.

When a cop is dealing with a non-violent offender, they still must handcuff the offender, and often times people will resist that. Floyd apparently (though we still need all the facts) did resist arrest to some degree, that goes on a spectrum though. You can resist a little, you can resist a lot. It can also change in an instant. You can be complying and then BOOM suddenly you fight. I'm going to link to a video of an attempted arrest that went bad, it is brutal, so be warned. But it shows how fast things can go bad. And I'll tell you, even handcuffed individuals can be dangerous (though you won't see that in the video).

Before that though, I think we need to be a little more flexible with cops for a few reasons that I think BLM forgets. Cops don't know a person is unarmed until they have frisked the person. It also takes less than a second to grab and point a gun. 

Check out [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfi3Ndh3n-g) of a vocal BLM protester going through some cop training. Watch what he does in the scenarios they put him in as a cop. What protocols could be different there that would have protected the cop AND ensured the suspect wasn't hurt?

[Here is the awful one I mentioned](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=4&v=YQLOmfx8X_E&feature=emb_logo). It's a routine traffic stop with the person looking intoxicated so they test him. The video starts just as they are finishing up the intoxication test. The cops find the man is drunk and then proceed to handcuff him. If you are still reading, please watch the video first because I don't want to taint my view of what happened with yours. But I think you and I will agree on what we see.

Just a note, after this suspect resists, one of the cops eventually starts punching. There are rules about punching when subduing a suspect. Cops CAN punch and it can sometimes be necessary to stop a suspect, but when you see it on video it can feel like it's personal or something. In truth, it is an accepted procedure. And I think we can agree that that is far better than using a gun.

So this is what I saw:
1) They peacefully stopped a young man and administered legal tests. We know they hadn't searched the car illegally because they would have found the gun already.
2) They determine this individual is intoxicated and begin to arrest him without hardly any force.
3) The suspect suddenly starts resisting and the officers have trouble subduing him... that is something important to note. At least one of those officers was a big, strong guy, and yet they still had trouble subduing this person. Even when it seems like the cops are outnumbering the person, it's not always still safe for the cop.
4) The cops escalate and use a taser because now there is a greater threat to their own well being, as well as the perpetrator's. The more the suspect fights, the more the cops are at risk, the more he is at risk, and the more drivers are at risk if it spills onto the road.
5) As they tase him, they get ready to subdue and handcuff again, and try, but it is still a struggle.
6) Even after all this struggling against two cops, the suspect gets away, runs to his car grabs a gun, and shoots both the cops. Keep in mind, he shot first before they returned fire.

What protocol should be different?

I think it is reasonable to assume, even if those cops got him cuffed, he was a flight risk, so subduing him while handcuffed until they could get some back up and get him into a car would be necessary. So sometimes even a handcuffed individual requires being pinned down.

Now finally, consider this. Imagine the perpetrator didn't have a gun in his car. Imagine he runs to his car and reaches for something, the cops don't know what it is. They have to assume it is a weapon, so they shoot for their safety and the safety of everyone driving by. But how does the media report it?

"An unarmed black man was shot and killed by cops today. Officers pulled the man over in a standard traffic stop turned deadly. The details of the incident are still unknown but the cops have been suspended from field duty until they investigate what happened."

Is that even close to the whole story? They make people think the cops just murdered a poor defenseless guy. Even without a gun, that guy wasn't defenseless.

The media would list that as an unarmed man being shot by a white cop and BLM would say that another racist cop killed an innocent black man. Even if that guy didn't have a gun in his car, he wasn't innocent. Even without a gun, a suspect can injure or even kill a cop.

Now most arrests actually end with a suspect letting the cops put on the cuffs and then get in the car. But the times it doesn't are not as cut and dry as the media often makes it out.

I hope that makes you consider some things. Cops deal with horrible stuff all the time, they are always at risk, even routine stops can turn on a dime and lead to their death. It is not a cop's fault that someone decides to drive drunk with what was probably an illegal gun, but they have to deal with it. It is not the cop's fault that a person decides to use counterfeit money, but the cops have to deal with it. While no person should die in police custody, we ask the cops to do the impossible and then freak out if they don't always do it perfectly. It sucks when they get it wrong, but these protesters acting like a handful of bad arrests is reason to completely undermine the entire system is crazy.

If they would just get specific about what they want, we could actually have a discussion. Do you fail to see the hypocrisy in this comment? The right has been telling us for years that "not all cops are bad and it's a few bad apples." Meanwhile, anytime there's misconduct, all the body cams are magically dead, the "investigation" always determines there's no wrongdoing, and the thin blue line lies to protect the officers involved. Honestly I see the logic considering the protestors have been [seen](https://www.reddit.com/r/instantkarma/comments/gug5kf/peaceful_protest_not_raging_riots/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)  actively turning the rioters to the police. The day the cops turn the tucked up ones in is when it’ll be equal Weird considering the protestors I see are always getting in the face shit talking all cops The problem is that the people on their porches were literally complying with the curfew order which explicitly delineated that citizens are allowed to be on their porches during curfew and were still shot at. ACAB? Fuck 12? Defund the police? That wasn’t national guard btw, just regular police officers, the guard members were in camo next to the HMMWV heading down the road in front of the officers that fired on the people on the porch. Sick fucks! Looters aren’t public employees that are supposed to be dedicated to protecting and serving their community and upholding justice. Looters aren’t the authority or the system. They are the dissent. Looters have no duty to me or their community. I condemn them but I’m not betrayed by them. They are a societal response to the broken system that is allowed to remain broken because of “good cops” The criticisms were because they were endangering the whole of society by gathering in a large group. 

Why the fuck is one social injustice (Floyd) ok to threaten the rest of society with, but the other injustice (closing of private business) is not? Are the lives of my Grandparents not worth considering in the first case? Why not? 

Guess what! The virus doesn’t GIVE A FUCK what “injustice” you are fighting for. 

It is absolutely disgusting to see how people have done a complete 180 on this. Its a turd in the punchbowl situation for both sides. OK well same goes for looters when you're peacefully protesting. It’s not just media hype. A couple cops protesting with their community or holding up signs is cool, good for them. But the bad of NYPD shoving a woman into the ground out of nowhere giving her seizures while his commanding officer plus 10 other cops just keep walking is infinitely more bad than the other cops are good. A group of 20 or so national guard open firing at people who were doing nothing but standing on their porch is infinitely more bad. Cop cars storming through crowds spraying pepper spray indiscriminately is worse: 
Good cops doing their jobs and being a part of the community is not enough when they aren’t doing shit to stop the bad cops. At this point it isn’t enough to say “I’m not doing the bad stuff” if you aren’t actively calling out and holding the bad ones accountable. The system will not be fixed until this happens. So what’s the problem the people clearly weren’t going to go inside and didn’t listen to the cops I do not get why when something bad happens an entire group is dragged into it.  

In this instance the officers bad actions speak loudly and I do not see the need to water down the message by blaming all police.

I get that people get angry and the response then is to place blame where you can.  I just think that weakens the message which hinders the actual change that is needed. Your correct you did say non leathal that’s my bad but I agree with the police on this one the already had a curfew and there were people setting up raids there so they automatically have to assume anyone outside their house that late past the curfew was going to raid and the people didn’t listen when the cops told them to go inside Don't buy into the media hype. You never see videos of them doing good, only bad. So that's why you see a lot of videos like that. Well it may be my opinion, but applying pressure to the neck of a man saying “I can’t breathe” and continuing to apply it after he falls unconscious from what a 3 year old could deduce to be asphyxiation. 

It’s pretty impossible to claim something like that was accidental so he should be charged as so Thank you. Issues like these are what principles of 2A stand for. I despise all the conservatives on here saying peaceful liberal protestors deserved what they got. Are we supporting the government regardless of their wrong doing because they’re republican? I'm very aware they were not bullets. They didn’t shoot them with actual bullets they shot the with rubber bullets because there is a curfew to prevent raids and they didn’t listen when they told them go inside if you listen to cops you won’t be shot with rubber bullets No one polices the police. They get away with 10x more than any normal person. It's a pretty brutal difference. They should be held to a MUCH HIGHER standard than civilians, or they don't need that MUCH HIGHER authority. I didn’t describe anything, I was just providing the source you asked about. u/ant-nation this is it.

https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gtsaam/please_make_this_go_viral_i_am_begging_you_police/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share They shot rubber bullets the way you described it made it seem like they were killing people also they already said they were declaring martial law and they would be having a curfew they told the people to go inside and they didn’t listen in my opinion that’s their fault and I agree how the military handled it And what are they doing? Destroying their neighborhood? How does that help anyone? What solutions do they propose? What good are they doing? Who's lives are they saving? You think conservatives don't care that a murderer cop killed a man? We do, we just know that rioting and destroying the city and peoples lives inst the answer. Maybe because major cities tend to be more left leaning 🤷‍♂️ I doubt that very very much so and I’m sure something this severe would have a source but it doesn’t and in debating any info without a viable source is considered false information https://twitter.com/tkerssen/status/1266921821653385225 That’s not what happened you liar.

I wrote out the section you misquoted from my link.

I never accused you of being CPP.  I accused you of being willing to lie to defend the state, like you are right now like a CPP supporter.

You ran away from the convo when you realized how wrong you were.

You truly are a coward and liar. I dont have the source on hand but its circling everywhere. The innocent civilians were on their own porch, rightfully even with new curfew restrictions. They were not a part of protests or didnt heckle the national gaurd. All they did was stand outside their door and record a large number of heavily armed guards walking down their neighborhood. Nothing was illegal, nothing threatened the national gaurd safety. They fired unprovoked You're saying it wasn't accidental but that's an opinion. I haven’t heard about the national guard firing on innocent citizens source? Right because of how dangerously divided we as a country already are. But at the end of the day, The Constitution starts with “We the people”, not “we the guys over here...and maybe some fellas over there”. The country was not meant to be this divided. We were built on debate and that debate helped us progress as a country. We need to find a way to rebuild a walkable isle, instead of existing in a no-mans land where time stops. Exactly. There so few people that don’t have double standards for everything. Not sure if you saw the video but it was a brutal murder. I'd rather be shot or burned alive than killed the way he was. And no one was charged. 

The can't cops even respect a protest after all that. They are teargassing American citizens and driving SUV's through crowds of people. That's some middle east terrorist shit..

It's pretty well documented that we have some of the worst policing worldwide. You're correct. I point out a flaw in their argument and instantly get accused of being CCP, which they call CPP repeatedly. And obviously isnt reading the very link they posted. I guess dont bother feeding this troll. Those extreme leftists trying to just cause pure chaos is a shame. They are traitors to the country. Damn dude you really wrote a 10 page essay on why it’s George Floyd’s fault for being too sick to survive police brutality Because you’re clearly reading these comments too fast or are illiterate here’s the part I think you’re referring too

* If I am exempt from the Executive Order, do I need to comply with law enforcement’s instructions?
Yes. Even if you are exempt from the Executive Order (see response above for listing of people exempt), if a law enforcement officer or other public safety personnel gives you instruction, you must comply.*

Tell me if there’s another part I am missing, otherwise you’re just quoting out of context which in my booking is calling lying. There are some, but there’s a whole lot of officers in the videos I’ve been seeing sitting around watching their coworkers shoot innocent bystanders, assault protesters, and use excessive force. The issue isn’t just the few bad apples that actively do those things, it’s the huge groups of coworkers that DO NOTHING when they see their coworkers abusing their power. THATS THE POINT. that’s true, but a lot do Answer my question.

Is it from the part of the FAQ that specifically refers to those who are exempt and allowed to move freely?  If the answer is the yes, then I didn’t miss anything, you’re just being dumb.

The CPP comment wasn’t accusing you of being CPP, it’s accusing you of acting like fans of the CPP.  You went to the website to prove me wrong, read something you thought agreed with you while ignoring context which proves me right.

You’re too busy supporting cops to see the truth.  That’s what me saying CPP refers to. Looting and rioting is obviously not the right thing to do, but it does bring attention to the situation and makes the government want to actually do something about the injustices that are happening in the world right now. Also - all gun owners are violent criminals, but also only cops should have guns.



The level of mental gymnastics do these people should qualify for gold every time at the olympics. rioters/looters absolutely were not exercising social distancing and destroying small businesses who were already suffering financially. Totally could be China as well. Both are protesting an over reaching government. You missed something. That is from the FAQ. Accusing me of being CCP without actually reading what you yourself posted isn't a great look. And, I have seen literally no one defend Chauvin, or the police that murdered Breona. As a matter of fact I have been telling people to look up Tony Timpa as more results of police who need to be put on trial. However if a cop does something that has context and people instead point fingers or get riled up, I'm going to call it out. Case in point my comment from earlier on here even had me arguing initially for the homeowner and against the police. The riots are happening in liberal cities because those people are the only ones who care enough to actually do something >this truly isn’t just for black people

Then many people have different versions of truth and their own goals. Every white woman I know is posting about reading "White Fragility" and every black person I know certainly thinks this is a "just for black people" thing. Every framed national conversation says this, too. Every speech says this. Actions speak more than words [this was my feed just now. ](https://ibb.co/ZY4CHfy) I live in Utah, and a conservative Mormon came to the protest with a hunting bow and a machete screaming "all lives matter" as he pointed the bow towards the crowds. 

He doesn't represent conservatives, and I don't think the looters represent liberals. They are their own class, together, and both sides of the isle need to be united againsted them. 

This is a time to unity. Because race gets clicks and views. If the story was just "bad cop kills man" it would have half the activity. The media is willing to tear the country apart and cause outright civil war for views and clicks. Please tell me you’re not taking that from the exempt section?  Because that part clearly is referring to individuals who are allowed to leave their property but maybe encounter officers after 8 pm out and about.  Those individuals must comply with instructions.

It very nearly does not mean if you’re legally acting on your own property any officer can order you around.

Again please tell I missed something because otherwise I’m concerned by how much effort you’re going to, to defend these cops.

That’s CPP levels right there. 
> On another note, there are millions & millions of police interactions a year in this country, and the good interactions by far outweigh the bad.

**Here's the thing;** "The Bad" is REALLY BAD, it's literally the worst. Like so Bad it's caused nationwide riots, during a global pandemic yet serious enough to STILL be supported by countries all across the world. There's Justice for George marches outside America too. Btw

**Things are not as simple as your summary would suggest and here's why;**

 By your logic, you could argue leniency for a paedophile simply because they've abused a small number of children compared to the many they have interacted with. BUT obviously, that's not how justice works.

The issue being protested must never happen, EVER, since the protection and presentation of innocence is the trust that keeps society civil. That trust should never be breached, otherwise, we descend into anarchy. 

Law enforcement likes saying *"it's just a few bad apples"* yet that phrase its entirety is "a few bad apples spoil the bunch". It's a call for discipline and accountability instead of an excuse for lack of it.

If an airline said, "our pilots only crush a few flights". It wouldn't inspire faith or support let alone absolve them from being held accountable. The problem is people want the cop prosecuted and right now it’s only a 3rd degree murder charge which is pretty nuts considering the death was definitely not accidental. It’s about holding everyone accountable whether you are a cop or not. Too often cops get away with crimes. Proper justice would at least be a 2nd degree charge Dave Marcus points out eloquently the psychological manipulation and misinformation that sadly, both right and left wing, media engage in. What motivates this is anyone’s guess, but the whole truth is seldom if ever told. Sometimes totally false narratives are disseminated to cover the real story behind the story. Is it any wonder “Fake News” is part of vernacular For the record it was not me . Knowledge is power . Folks as bad as it looks, please read the direct quote from the Curfew page and realize they are within their right as officers to do what they did.

Can I be outside my house (on my property) after 8 p.m. and before 6 a.m.?

Yes. You can be on your porch, yard, patio, etc., but if a law enforcement officer or other public safety official asks you to go inside, or take any other action, you must follow the instruction. It's like leaving an abusive spouse, they get way more violent and mad when you're trying to leave. Can I be outside my house (on my property) after 8 p.m. and before 6 a.m.?

Yes. You can be on your porch, yard, patio, etc., but if a law enforcement officer or other public safety official asks you to go inside, or take any other action, you must follow the instruction.



Taken right from that link. The 2nd amendments purpose was to quickly assemble armies in case the British invaded again. The continental army had disbanded after the revolutionary war, the US had no standing army. I'm all about gun rights I just think we should make arguments based on their merit within a modern context, just like our founding fathers did. Someone has a few links lower down I believe. Okay, although I disagree, I see what you’re saying now, thanks for your answers :) Respectfully, I think we’re past George floyd at this point. NYC police ramming crowds and national guard 20 guy patrols shooting up peaceful suburban streets with non-lethals. It’s the people that vote for Democrats generally liberal and very lien-ant toward criminals so they feel emboldened . This is a fantastic post and well said! Yea and there are literally hundreds of thousands of officers that hold up that duty. **THATS THE POINT** Attack probably means, "said mean things" too lol So you don’t think it’s a Democrat/Republican thing but just if the population who lives in these areas are willing to riot or not Yes but there is a large group that constantly says this acab and a lot of the “protesters” are currently smashing cops windows and burning police stations so I think they don’t like cops innocent cops who did nothing bad to George flyod btw “I saw it happen. Therefore I am right.” 

I’ll tell you what I’ve seen. I watched a middle aged woman in Rochester get punched and beaten with wooden planks by black rioters. While her husband, who was getting beaten himself” was screaming “stop hurting my wife.” All of this because they tried to stop them from destroying their business. 

If the races were reversed, it would be the most upvoted/gilded post on Reddit. I want justice for George Floyd. But I want justice for that couple too. Well one of the problems is that the extremists are used by those who seem less extreme but also seem to support the extreme. 

You have media that has been helping confuse us and using a lot of tactics to do so. I mean your point here is true, far left and far right both suck and we are better without them. But the way you talk (and I don't mean you intend this), you are making it seem like the problems are equal.

Across the country we have violent protests that were started peacefully by well meaning BLM folks and their supporters, all of which had the praise of the media despite many BLM folks blocking traffic and not letting ambulances through. Also, from early on, BLM protests seemed to actively invite all kinds of people, like homeless folks and just random folks from the neighborhood who may or may not actually know what BLM stands for. I tend to think this is partly intentional, but I can't be certain. But what happens is that by inviting all these random folks, when the protests turn bad, they always have an easy out. BLM has always avowed a complete restructuring not just of police, but of society. That is what their founders want. They don't just want some better police practices. Yet that is always how they present themselves. And fine, protest for a complete restructuring of society, but at least be honest about it, otherwise you are confusing your own message, you are making some people think you are only about black rights so they jump on board, and then they get enraged when some of us are like "ummm, yeah, BLM is a crazy far left group that want's a complete restructuring of society. We don't support that." So then the media smears us as being against Black lives, or they say we are skewing their message. But their message is deceptive. They literally want to completely restructure society.

So Antifa sees this poorly managed group and this strange marketing of their group. They know that most conservative, right leaning types are going to not be interested, they know that BLM does not have a strong, unifying message despite kind of seeming to superficially. And so Antifa EASILY makes a mess of it.

Both of these groups are far left. Both of these groups capitalized on the protests and helped organize the protests against Trump during that election. Those were protests that turned riotous as well. Those happened ALL OVER THE COUNTRY. Every major city had protests and almost all of those protests turn violent or led to vandalism and destruction.

But a couple far-right assholes put on a protest with a legal permit that then gets invaded by far left anti-protesters in a city that managed the permits for those protests so bad that it put them almost on top of each other, tensions flare and a deranged far right dude runs someone over... suddenly that is as bad as literal riots all over the country 2 times is the last 4 years?

Yet the media framed all of these stories to make it to their left leaning viewers that far-right extremism is on the rise.

Here's the other thing, they all deliberately confuse what far-right and far-left mean. There is the European left and right and there is the American left and right. The Europeans mainly agree on size and scope of government. Their left and right focuses very much on identity politics. Do you believe in keep your country's heritage or do you believe in multiculturalism? That's the question. The Right believes in maintaining their heritage and identity with traditions and laws an customs, while the left believes in changing customs and traditions and being more open to changing their identity and not worrying about holding to heritage as much. Both views are okay, you can have a Germany that both holds on tight to their lederhosen and sausage while also welcoming Asians and Africans and such. I think it would be great to see Black Germans wearing lederhosen and enjoying German beer. And the left view is fine, too. Some tradition isn't important, bringing some multicultural influence in is a good thing, you know? But the extreme right leads to ONLY allowing actual genetic Germans in and getting rid of everyone else. The extreme left leads to the abolition of all cultural norms and a complete disregard for religion and only recognizes a change towards equity for all, which then devolves into a two class system of a ruling elite with everyone else (of all races) fighting for what's left.

It is not political ideology that actually ties the use of "right" and "left" between American politics and European politics. It is simply seating arrangements. There are some rather superficial similarities between the traditional American Right and the European Right, both groups want to preserve something. The American Right wants to preserve our Constitution and the adherence to small government. While the European right mainly differs from the European left in that it has no problem with big government but it wants to preserve a cultural identity as it increases government. European right does become fascist in the extreme. But the American right wants to preserve small government and the rule of the Constitution. If you take that to an extreme, you just get an extremely small government that barely does the only jobs the Constitution said it would, which is protect us from enemies and to preserve our natural rights. You don't actually achieve fascism if you take the American right to an extreme.

But you get these neo-Nazi types who are on the European right and they kinda sidle up to use American Right folks because we have one similar goal though it isn't even the same. The American Right wants to preserve the Constitution, which sometimes means we have to say certain cultural practices do not work here. For instance, to preserve rights for all, we can't have Sharia law work here because various practices in Sharia law infringe on rights we hold dear, like a trial by peers and only having laws that elected officials wrote. Sharia law has it's own laws and own judicial system, so it simply isn't compatible. Yet is also an aspect of Muslim culture. So we have to say no to that culture. The right also tends to believe in individualism, so we see that folks who come and don't even try to learn English end up hurting themselves and it makes society less cohesive. Many Founding Fathers spoke many languages, but they operated publicly and officially in English. That feels kind of like we are trying to preserve a cultural identity, when in truth it is about preserving law and societal cohesion. The neo-Nazi types agree with everyone speaking English and not allowing Sharia law not for cohesion or compatibility with our laws (though that may be loosely a part of their argument), primarily they want to preserve whiteness and white culture.

That again is an identity issue, that is a European Right issue, not an American Right issue. None of this means that The European Left or Right, or the American Left are bad at their core, it simply means that of all of these groups, there is one that is categorically different than the rest, and that is the American Right Conservative/Libertarian types. The other three groups can all be taken to an extreme that leads to horrible dictatorships and oppression. Our views can only lead to a weak central government, which will almost immediately be remedied when people get to lawless. There was very little Government in the Old West, yeah, there was some bad stuff in the Old West, but it didn't become a dictatorship, it is actually a sort of case study of what extreme conservatism or libertarianism would lead to. All that happened was the local governments amassed more power as they needed to protect people and maintain the law. That is it.

So the media has confused everything from the beginning of this.

Many in media are smart enough to understand this but willfully ignore it and do not spread it. These protestors are Patriots fighting against government tyranny. This is a hard one . Democrats in general are more left leaning and more crime forgiving . So based on that a republican city is less likely to have a riot because The people that live there would not consider rioting it’s just not in our DNA . This. I don’t get why people can’t see the difference. Karens were out in full force for barbershops and nail salons. These people are out to protest against something far more important. The riots are bad. The protests are good. Everything is awful if corona is as bad as everyone says Always some anecdote that can’t be proven in order to offer a retort. That’s basically reddit in a nutshell. I’m happy that some are peaceful and now it’s the people vs the state that’s what needs to happen They didn't do that, but I did watch them forst hand attack peaceful protestors in my home town soooooo. Man I hate communists, I mean the only good thing communism has have us were the fallout games. Bullshit. MAGA folks don’t destroy businesses and spray paint messages saying “take out cops” everywhere. I’m getting tired of all of these liars on Reddit. So because there’s riots in typically democratic cities it’s because the people who live there don’t fear consequences of rioting? 

I know I’m asking for a lot but is there a republican leaning city you can reference where arrested rioters are prosecuted more harshly? I thought people are able to riot it’s easier to avoid arrest when you’re part of a mob. 

Still just genuinely trying to understand why it’s a partisan thing. “Another civil war” who would tag even be against? Just, all of America versus the protesters? Yes I do think it is policy . Republicans and myself self included tend to be more aggressive with regards to criminals. Democrats are more passive and cowardly in general. Oh they totally are violating social distancing rules. Which might bite us in the ass, as cases may shoot up again like the 1918 Spanish flu. I think with the pandemic you have people who just want to go back to work and accept the risks and then you have people who just want the virus to go away via social distancing etc. Realistically neither side has any control over the virus, so we’re all just bickering over what guidelines are right or wrong yet both sides are for the better. 🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑 Yes I agree police have a higher obligation to step up when things aren't right, because they have the power to do so. I also agree because of the higher authority they should be held to higher standards. On another note, there are millions and millions of police interactions a year in this country, and the good interactions by far out weigh the bad. Not in the real world. Only in clown world Idk that’s why I’m asking, do you think it’s policy? Or what exactly do you think democrats are doing that are facilitating rioting? Crazy world we live in. Watching this, it reminds me I need to get a conceal carry permit. No, this why you need a Police Service and not a Police Mafia. The US is so far behind in most aspects of a civilised nation. I realise you are a young nation, but you need to grow up. There have been plenty of protests where the protestors did not go inside a government building. So what is it now? Are we not still in a pandemic? Are these people not violating social distancing guidelines just the same? Some thoughts are best left unsaid in your head... This is the spoiled brat generation that has no idea how good they have it. They will ruin our country if they can, just because they’re convinced it is evil. It’s because of what they are protesting.  Coronavirus protesters are mostly privileged and they are protesting valid measures that are meant to protect their community because they are impatient.  George Floyd protestors are protesting the on going institutional murder of African American people at the hands of a broken system.  No one thinks the rioters are brave. I appreciate everyone here having a respectful and knowledgable debate, instead of just throwing around profanities and name calling. We don't all have to agree on everything but we can still respect each other🙌 So a few protestors, in one state, in one city, so not all protestors but rather a very small portion. Idk ACAB is spray painted everywhere in Louisville It fits the template for civil unrest which is always exploited by Marxists(Antifa) and racists(BLM) to create anarchy and try to destabilize the American Government. 



The Dems always treated these two groups like unwieldy allies, but maybe they’re starting to realize that these two anti-American groups hate them as much as the Republicans and have only been using them to build their power base. I understand the autopsy report, but heart disease does not cause asphyxiation, especially in the presence of a public protector, who might I remind you, take medical classes for their profession since they are normally the first responders. 

Not all cops are bad, but like the far-right gives all Republicans a bad rep so do the bad cops to the good ones. The good cops can’t just stand around twiddling their thumbs while this happens just like Republicans can’t. We’re simply better than that. 

My main issue with all that you wrote while I of course can totally agree with some is your fixation on BLM, Antifa, Right, Left. You are grouping all of these parties. Being Right does not make you a Nazi, being left does not make you Antifa.

For the part I agree with: 

I do not condone this violence whatsoever. I do not condone the looting. I do not condone threats to cops. I do not condone the burning of police precincts. I do however believe we need to have a conversation about police practices. This is a better way of saying it. 

There is still systematic racism in the world, even those who are far-Left and Far-Right would agree to that. Redlining is a huge part of systematic racism which definitely relates back to history, meaning there is blatant evidence of it. Till this day redlining keeps certain races in impoverish areas, as they were designed to do in the past. What happens is gangs, or people looking to benefit from these impoverish areas create mayhem. They turn these families into fight or flight. The news picks up this mayhem, and white people see it, causing them to inherently fear those of that impoverish area, race, looks, etc. so when someone who is in that impoverish area decides they want to make their life better, they try to leave, they go to a school they can afford to get a degree in hoping to leave the McDonalds they’ve been pulling double shifts at to support themselves. When they have their degree...they apply to all sorts of jobs in their field and because of our implicit biases from what we see on tv, the black person wishing to make better of themselves is beat out by a white person or. Or called back at all. Back to the impoverish area they go. 

You’re right however we shouldn’t be focusing on the past we have to be able to move forward. 

But how will you move forward if all you have are enemy’s? Just mow them all down? Somehow make them all simply agree with you? That not how America was made and not how freedom came to be. 

Let me also say that I truly respect what you typed up there. A lot of thought, research and time went into that. That being said this is what America needs to gain back...respectful debate. 

And just know, though we may have differing views I don’t fault you for anything. This HAS to end careers, right? Every Major City  With riots with the exception to Maybe one all have a Democratic Mayor .
You tell me is that coincidence ? CCP approved. You can’t destroy a Democracy by being impartial. We seem to have an issue in this country,  where our leaders are of a lesser caliper than their constituents. Federal, state, and local. The protestors do not believe all cops are bad, rather they want to good cops to weed out the bad. They know most cops aren't bad. This is kind of a strawman that you're making here. Clearly not all protesters think ALL cops are bad, and we've seen clear evidence of that. Sadly, the Media and Left only want us to see skin deep. “Trump Tower’s a building I would like to see get burned down.”

“Yes, that or the Stock Exchange”

I really don’t get the hate against the stock market. Do they realize literally anyone can download Robinhood and make money off of it? You don’t need a special 1% password to start trading Should honestly see the message of blm before making false generalizations. At least it was pleasant to see CNN headquarters burn!!! Bernie going to jail for funding ANTIFA. I do wonder if Dems are facing a shalacking this year. Several special elections where they should have won they lost. Hope people are waking up. This made me laugh. Except that protesters are regular citizens who may not have the authority, training, or physical ability to stop violent actors around them. 

Police officers do have the authority, training, physical ability, and even gear to stop violence, so when they fail to stop other officers who are acting with violence or corruption it is fair to paint them with the same brush. I agree with this. I’m sure I’ll get torched for saying this but I think it’s ironic how BLM groups (mostly consisting of blacks obviously) claim the US has this stereotype on blacks that they’re known to be criminals and dangerous, but yet they’re the ones out on the streets rioting and stealing shit. What does this say about yourself? What does this say about your race? What EXAMPLE are you showing to America on behalf of your race? I’m not saying all BLM protestors are like this obviously, it’s just something we’ve seen in recent years. Not surprised. Incorrect, the autopsy shows that Floyd didn't choke to death, nor did he have any spinal injury. The cause of death was his heart disease which was exacerbated by the stress response to being arrested and detained. So the cop indirectly caused the death of Floyd because of the mental and physical stress on his system. At least some of which was Floyd's own fault because he committed a crime and the cops rightfully detained him. The problem was how they detained him. So one must wonder, would Floyd have died is a good cop detained him? It's possible. Being arrested is stressful even if there is little to no force. My heart certainly beats harder when I'm just pulled over. If I knew I committed a crime and was being arrested, I would be even more stressed.

There is a weird thing people of your leaning do, and I respect your view however you soften the blame. You say:

>While I do not condone this violence, I do see that there needs to be an overhaul of our police force

So your condoning of this violence has a contingency, meaning that you don't condone it except that you kind of understand it due to police practices. Why don't you say "I do not condone this violence whatsoever. I do not condone the looting. I do not condone threats to cops. I do not condone the burning of police precincts. I do however believe we need to have a conversation about police practices."

I want to show you some videos of a handful of protesters from Rochester, NY. These young men were apparently leaving the protests and started breaking windows, then a young woman comes out to confront them. [Watch[(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLcTpHRQEik) what happens. Now, I won't say that these thugs are actually members of BLM, and I'm sure that many members of BLM are horrified that people coming to their protests would then do this.

The right can support BLM when they protest, and we do to some degree. We support their freedom of speech, but even the best meaning ones are willing to block traffic and stop ambulances from getting through. They've stopped firetrucks, too. And while there are clearly Antifa thugs that come to these things, there are also people invited along by BLM who throw bottles at police. And the thing is, the police look the other way. Normally, a bottle thrown is instant crack down of the protest.

[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uqOM94RJVc) is a video of a store being looted. The owner is Muslim. As you watch the video, at about the 5 minute mark, the looting slows down. Most of the looters didn't give a shit about the guy's race. But then a bit later you hear some of these looters apologize because they only meant to loot from white owned stores. Now clearly there was a plan to this, clearly they wanted to loot but only from white people. Whose plan was that? Antifa? BLM? A mix of both? Was it neither group, just a bunch of people acting on their own? Does it matter?

Where BLM goes there is at least disruption, there is at least vile rhetoric about cops being pigs and being better off dead. OR there is violence. Whether they wish for that to happen or not, you can't blame Antifa for all of that. So at best, these BLM protests are mismanaged, poorly expressed, and not diligent enough in stopping the bad behaviors that some people bring to their protests. At worst, they have a a public motive and a secret motive. The public motive being to appear to just be protesting, the secret motive being chaos. Considering the founder wants the system to be completely overturned, I tend to think they may have dual motives.

Anyway, so these protesters are willing destroy the lives of anyone, trampling over the rights of anyone because 1 person's rights were not observed perfectly.

[Here is a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aY0mWQO9Wt8) of a store owner in Rochester NY who is not white and got ransacked. He knows that people he knows and has done business with were involved in ransacking his store.

[Here is another video](https://www.facebook.com/renelle.fico/videos/10219085475021357/) from a store owner in Rochester, NY. There is a moment when her son, around 16 or 17 years old maybe, who comes out from the back of the store with a stunned and sad look on his face that is just heartbreaking.

If cops need to do a better job of ensuring all cops are following the law and all protocols, then these people who are so upset with them (and I don't mean all black people at all, I mean those who say all cops are bad and all white people are racist and cold) need to start showing their respect for the rights of others. They need to respect those that are trying to help them. They need to stop ignoring all the money we spend trying to help. They need to stop ignoring how many of us have done our part to help. I tutored young black and Hispanic people for several months because New York City couldn't get their schools to perform.

And unfortunately, these people need to admit that some of these problems, no one can fix but them. Schools can be improved in many ways, but if parents don't get their acts together and actually make their kid do their homework at home, then there is little a teacher can do, there is little a school can do. A computer and internet access for all won't do shit. Yet we are willing to spend that money on these schools and we do! So many act like that is meaningless.

That is by far the biggest thing standing in their way. It isn't a few bad cops. It isn't history. It isn't systemic racism. It is them getting in their own way. We are all here working with people of all walks of life so long as they are respectful and work hard. I work with black people, white people, Hispanic people, Asian people, I've worked with Native Americans. I've worked with Jamaicans. I've worked with people in the LGBT community. I've worked with young people and old people. I haven't had a problem with any of them based on who they are. I will work with ANYONE if they are willing to work hard and can either do the job or are willing to learn to do the job.

The issue is not us stopping them. The issue is that no one seems to be willing to do the hard work and achieve a better life. So they point to schools, they point to cops, they point to access to food, they point to privilege. You know, I know people who struggled to succeed and lived on nothing but Ramen noodles and dollar menu food at McDonalds for a while. They eventually succeeded. So the food argument is not a good excuse, yeah, it makes things a little hard, but it is not an excuse not to even try. I know people of many races who attended incredibly shitty schools. Could they have benefited from a better school? Sure, but they pushed and succeeded anyway. I know people who came from a background with very little privilege, they were poor, they were children of severely mentally ill parents, they had to raise themselves because mom was in a mental hospital and dad was drunk at a bar most nights. They didn't have the privilege of learning good social skills from their parents, they didn't have the privilege of a mom who made them lunch or a dad who went grocery shopping regularly. Yet they pushed, and succeeded. They didn't use it as an excuse.

The hard truth is that people need to push. Society can't do it all for them. That is what BLM wants, and Antifa seizes on the weakness of their terrible goals and they sow discord and anarchy. Both of whom hide behind superficial goals that seem good, but both groups have underlying goals that do not help anyone. They’re now considered terrorists so time for some target practice. It’s way too early for your anarchist shit If this is true, then judging from the videos, there are going to be a lot of young white people who ruined their future lives by donning blackface before looting stores. It truest doesn’t what so ever, it actually goes against everything A1 stood for. I do think there’s Far-Left groups and Far-Right groups participating in these actions. They are turning our country into a tinder box. We barley have politics now, all we have is us v. them (dems v. Reps)...and that mentality walks us directly into a wall. The Far-aRight and their actions give Republicans a bad image and we are not them. The far Left does the same for the Dems. 


Keep in mind America was created on debate and currently we are loosing that all together. Where there was a thin isle, soon the isle won’t exist all together and progression will come to a completely holt. The groups that will be soaking all that up are the ones (far-left and far-right) that caused it. Nothing says you hate police violence like a good riot. BLM protesters are so upset by violence in Democrat-controlled cities that they will stomp some stranger's face in for fun and laugh with glee when they see that their victim is crippled. Could you explain to me why you think democrats are to blame for the unrest in the US right now? I’m genuinely asking because police brutality seems like something everybody would be upset about Democrat daughter who was raised by Democrat parents in a Democrat city in a Democrat state decided Democrats are so bad she has to destroy the Democrat system, by rioting and looting and burning down businesses and then voting for more Democrats. Riots are not the price for liberalism. Riots are the price for letting anyone abuse any power for too long. Here is an answer to consider....the whining toddle of a president incited violence for days after police murdered a black man and then hid in his safe space like a snowflake...maybe that's what caused violence?  You know the whole we have a problem and the person who should give a shit sided with the oppressors.

Fuck Republicanism if this is what is stands for....I will take my ban now *shows you the door* Reason has gone to the far-left and the far-right. We don’t think about anything else. That a big problem to me, we were better off without either of them. This platform has a lot of potential but it’s just becoming so boring. Everything you see are 13 y.olds doing tiktok bad memes and pretending to be marxists in r/politics How does looting and burning business help this cause? I don't understand why everyone is making this about race. Was that cop a known racist? No. Did he have a lot of complaints already? Yes. He was just a douche bag cop that went too far this time in his bullying. Acting out of emotion and not logic is dangerous, as we're seeing now. No one is blaming " white supremacists" for the rioting, but thats seemingly what you want to hear and just shows how fragile and insecure you republicans are. Shame on you poor snowflakes Lighting doesn’t strike any 3 people or any race in a month. So that isn’t how static’s work lol. Remember when that Somali cop killed a white woman wearing pajamas in Minneapolis? The riots, looting and burning went on for days and nothing but Republicans got elected for years...

/s

Soooo, bad cops exist, shit happens and you are being used if you think it is about a couple black guys getting a raw deal. Every day a couple people from many different races get treated wrongly by bad cops. But that is how statistics works... BLM is a foreign funded insurgency. The BLM goons are out there to sow the seeds of discontent and gin up race hatred. If they were protesting hoping to make the world peaceful, they would not be advocating for vandals and looters and rioters.

A serial killer spends most of his time not stacking bodies, but no one cares about his downtime. People only care that there are bodies left over when the killer goes to work. BLM doesn't loot or rob or riot or burn business all the time. Sometimes they are too busy dragging people out of their cars and lynching them in the street. Every republican ive talked to was an idiot. All republicans are idiots 🖕 It was a full quote until they changed the text on the website in response to people getting upset about this video. See this archive of the website from only 1 day ago: https://web.archive.org/web/20200531053910/https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Pages/faq.aspx Doing what is right is all the reward you need... First link is a drive by murder. Hardy a good look That first link is a drive by shooting. Hardly the same as protecting your home I mean, yes to what you’re saying but I feel this was more than Rodney King. The reason I say that is because Rodney King lived, George Floyd was handcuffed and choked to death face down in the pavement. Not to mention Floyd was 1/3 instances were a black American was randomly killed either by cops or former cops, one instance being the EMT who was gunned down in her home by cops. While I do not condone this violence, I do see that there needs to be an overhaul of our police force and those in charge for all Americans future. I mean yes to this post but our President also decided to throw fuel on this fire and then proceed to do literally nothing. FBI tip sent thank you. let’s be honest here, were Republicans, it’s probably both Far-left and Far-right trying to create a loop on mayhem within our politics. I wish the far-left would just fuck off and I wish the Far-right would stick to their own goddamn party and stop piggybacking ours. It’s nonsensical to label an entire direction as hysterical and violent. Don’t get me wrong they’re definitely there but in reality they’re on both sides. You just have to see that and not fall into their loop. No, a few weeks ago white and black armed protesters went inside a capital building to protest the reopening of their state during the pandemic. That gained controversy because A) they went into a government building with guns and B) it was during a pandemic. So naturally you had pissed off people but that was expected. They aren't entirely wrong, but your point is certainly spot on.

There are clearly actors that are not part of the group instigating violence. It seems antifa is indeed acting within these protests. However, BLM is not quite the calm and peaceful protest group they claim to be and they are certainly not all about racial equality. When your group blocks traffic and chants that the only good cop is a dead cop, then yeah, your group might kind of suck. Or if you say "no justice, no peace" meanwhile the person you are angry with is facing justice and being held on $500,000 bail while awaiting a trial for murder, then maybe you are protesting for a silly reason. Maybe nationwide protests aren't necessary. This wasn't Rodney King with cops blatantly beating a guy up. This was a dumb ass cop who was not following protocol. **All** posts on late stage capitalism have 95\~99% upvotes they surely have upvote bots of some sort, so downvoting doesn't change much really. There are some with literally 100% upvotes, hundreds of votes and zero comments. This is a prime example as to why we can’t just point fingers...we have to find the actual culprits whether it’s Antifa or Far-right. We can’t fall into their loop. I mean...3+ black people where killed by cops in a month, one of which was an EMT sleeping in her home. Sooo not too sure on those stats. I agree, this was like something out of The Watchmen. The virus forced people into their homes, gave them masks, took their job and this police brutality was that spark. I wish we ha does this virus better. Republicans are a domestic terrorist group. What a boomer meme tbh Your definitely not wrong, but I wouldn’t say all that loud. Our Republican president of ours took away funding from NASA and went to the SpaceX launch. Claims he for A2 when the cops have now shown differently. What people have to realize is both the far-left and Far-right are throwing us into a us against them loop....the end result is that we accomplish nothing while both groups grow in numbers. It’s take over a country 101. The democrats have been playing footsie with the far left too long. I know several who justify the riots since “historically it’s an effective way to move your  message.”

I’m from Minnesota. If you look up “umbrella man”, the guy who broke into the autozone, he looked like either antifa or black bloc (all black, gas mask, umbrella, hammer). [https://preview.redd.it/zolo3rd1dw151.png?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=65d686061229cfcb3d1bb2d377e87e70338b1c6b](https://preview.redd.it/zolo3rd1dw151.png?width=640&crop=smart&auto=webp&s=65d686061229cfcb3d1bb2d377e87e70338b1c6b),

&#x200B;

this says it all *rioters. It’s time to only refer to the protesters as the exception to the rule they are. 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9781 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8548 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**



---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9781 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8547 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**

**...**

**248417.** `u/FrontLineFox20` at **1 nice**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Nice Nice In blue cities. Dallas ain’t exactly red. It does nothing lol Please don’t put yourself in their endless/mindless loop. We’re not for centralized government, which both the far-left and the Far-right are. Be an American/Republican not a follower. I think it’s more of the fact that within a month, 3 black people were gunned down, one of which was a EMT in her home sleeping. Then top it off with George Floyd being handcuffed, shackled and then choked to death on camera. 

Keep in mind there are black and white protesters out there...this truly isn’t just for black people this will effect every American in this country no matter which way you swing. Don’t be swayed by the Far-left and far-right turning this into something that it shouldn’t be nor is. Isn't it obvious that the idea is that  white supremacists would riot to descredit the peaceful protest? Im not saying that is 100% what happened but its just that the idea is so 100% obvious, i dont know how you could miss it? you and all the people who upvoted you While statistically black men are more likely to be hit by lightning than killed by cops, getting hit by lightning does not re-elect Democrats nor does it cause the looting and/or burning of businesses generally... Many people do work, I'm saying most don't. Yes it is in fact racist to suggest that whites work and minorities don't. The lazy minority stereotype has been used for decades to hurt people. of course they are.  they work for biden, the biggest fish in that pond. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Party_divisions_of_United_States_Congresses

If you look at the trends, democrats have controlled the country for incredibly long periods of time. Now the user above I think may have conflated a few ideas, because you are half right. In 1995 began a stretch of Republican control in both congress and the senate for 12 years. Prior to that, Congress was majority Democrat since the 30's except for a couple two year periods. Since the mid 90's it have bounced back and forth a bit, though it was majority Republican for most of it.

So the idea that democrats have perpetually been in control is not that far off. But the user I think conflates that with some of the states and the democrat control of those states.

If you look at [California](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_party_strength_in_California), just before 1959 the Republicans had control almost exclusively. From 1959, Democrats had pretty much complete control of who they sent to congress and the senate, as well as the California state assembly and senate. There were a few pockets of Republican executives in the state, but they **always** presided over a Democrat controlled legislature.

If you look at [New York](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_party_strength_in_New_York) you see a similar pattern, but it was a little less obvious. It turn pretty solidly blue in almost all facets of government in the mid 1970's. There was still a lot of red until the late 90's, then aside from a George Pataki, the only bit of red is in the state senate, which has held on since then, but is waning. And the last term it was blue as well.

Illinois has been about 50/50 since around the 20's, then in 2000 it shifted entirely to blue at the state and federal level. New Jersey, aside from Chris Christie as Governor, has been entirely blue since about 2000. Maryland has been almost completely blue since the mid 1800's. Since the late 90's Washington has gone from about 50/50 to solid blue.

Anyway, our point is that these are all strongholds for Democrats, all of which have many cities in awful shape where the most unrest occurs in our country. When you look at red states, because there are red states with massive cities with unrest, if you look at the actual control in the counties where those big cities reside and the cities themselves, you see a similar pattern of Democrat control. Houston is in the middle of one of the reddest states in the Union right now, but it has had a Democrat mayor since 1982.

Texas is an especially interested case study. Texas as a state almost entirely blue at the state and federal level until you start seeing some major cracks in the early 90's and then in the mid-90's it went hard into red.

Consider this, people are fleeing California and New York, many of whom are going to Texas. So over the past 20-30 years, Blue states have declined to the point that people want to leave, be it for quality of life, living expenses, or just bad governance, and they are choosing to go to a state that became red and stayed red and has gotten stronger since it turned red. It's removed, what did it say I don’t think George Floyd’s name should be next to Antifa and terrorism. I'm sure a part of them is bots, but never underestimate human stupidity... Just look at twatter and you'll see plenty of blue checkmarks making similar statements. I mean, sorry but a very quick google shows that fears of Covid-19 havent vanished, in fact there are plenty of news sites talking about it and how the protest might make things worse.

&#x200B;

Noone is claiming that it's all the white supermacists fault, but if you dont think there are people on both sides taking advantage, well I dont know what to say By the wording ,they sound like translator bots to me.
Or at least as st an outside entity being coached on what and how to say Here's the face of someone directly in the chain of command of the cop that killed George Floyd of the Covids. Democrats created this monster. Democrat voters are the face of the monster. Now Democrat politicians say they support the Democrat arsonists burning down businesses. Many people work on weekends. People working is now racists? Good grief. Got that right my state of commie Cal is about as corrupt and lawless as they come thanks to the Democrats. I live just North of Fresno Cal a few years ago the second in command at the Fresno PD was a Black man who was arrested and charged with drug running. Fresno is a major drug distribution hub for the Mexican mafia for California. The illegal alien gangs in Fresno run rampant. When I first moved here it was common to read in the Fresno newspaper about dead burnt bodies being found in farm fields at least twice a week. So he is a terrorist then? 

Weird times we live in. Are you blind? These riots are fucking stupid and I hate that so many people (celebrities including) are egging this on and making excuses for criminal behavior. Admittedly I'm not even republican. I'm in this sub because I'm not allowed to talk about this anywhere else without getting tons of hate and accusations. You aren't allowed to talk about this PERIOD in mixed company.

Screw that. This is wrong. Protests are okay but you don't need to destroy shit or steal. And I thought my eye sight was bad. LOL You made my morning The definition of peaceful has changed quite a bit recently.

Also it’s funny that the anti lockdown protests were partially against civil unrest. Pretty sure a lot of people said forcing 25% unemployment for 3 months while releasing criminals for a disease that kills the elderly was a bad idea. Justice must be served for the cops but this wouldn’t have blown up so bad if people were working Downvote and report... Add Hope Walz Twitter and you'll understand MN He declares that he too is now a piece of criminal shit!! Says it in the title. While I think the whole protest is rather senseless, it is a shame there are those who are making this worse. BLM has had bad tactics without these instigators, they've blocked highways and ambulances and they have chanted that the only good cop is a dead cop. But despite that, having people instigate is alarming.

There have been peaceful protesters. But it's strange how many of these peaceful protesters then seem to join in. It's not all Antifa thugs burning cop cars, it's not all Antifa thugs throwing rocks, it's not all antifa thugs looting stores.

So while many of the BLM folks are attempting to be peaceful, you have to ask yourself what their tactics are and what they are even fighting for. There are many who seem to not know. They say "no justice, no peace" yet justice is working. White people are shot dead by cops just as much as black people. What are they fighting for?

Their supporters avow a systematic shut down and rebuilding , they want a complete change to the system into a communist system. But they hide it around this idea of racism. So you have all these fools who want to do their duty and help minorities, not realizing what they are even fighting for, so they have to make it up.

I talked to one guy who said "We'll be happy when cops no longer execute black people extra-judiciously for petty crimes." He kept using the term 'extra-judiciously' as if it were accurate, as if our system WANTS cops like Chauvin to take out black people. I mean call his death a murder, that's fair. But an execution? There are these logical leaps that people are making that is just not even close to reality. This is the kind of thinking that pervades BLM and all these white lefties who support them. It's insane. Where has reason gone? Civilians need to be trained too. How about you realize they are the authority for the next 30 minutes of your life.  That’s not the time for you to try to win a fight or prove a point.  They aren’t there to solve your problems.  Don’t put your hands on them move them around like your going to shoot them.  It’s simple.  Suck up your ego for a few minutes and they will be on their merry way and you won’t have to deal with them for man years later unless you’re a piece of shit liberal who has the cops coming over all the time. Stop it. Every cop I know is right wing conservatives. Until they aren’t, they will have my support. Are you surprised by leftist hypocrisy? Everything about them is hypocrisy.  They don’t care. Yep Maybe try looking being the riot shields and gas masks It's the weekend and it's at night...most people aren't working. Thought this was r/Republican not r/racists That isn’t a full quote is though. Can be outside yes, unless ordered to go indoors by an officer. 

Do I think that is a lawful order to give a citizen? No, but you need to say the full order because it shows that the people in charge don’t care about us. They gave you the illusion you could be outside, but obviously every pig is going to order you indoors. ACAB I want to see AF1 do constant flyovers of all 50 states with it. They certainly haven’t done a damn thing to stop them You certainly don't owe blacks anything. There's talk about continuing this into a revolution, and being black, I wouldn't take too kindly to being called a racist either for just wanting to be left alone. The future's going to be interesting, we're going to outnumber white people soon, and the liberals will see that they were wrong and we're pretty much the same when in the same situations. I actually am a big lefty and came here just to read what everyone on the right was saying right now and I just wanted to contribute that I agree, this is why we need guns, this is what the second amendment is for. There’s clearly an abuse of power by the state happening. Ok bye!! Xoxo If you are being told you are murdering someone while you murder someone, you are way beyond a training issue. Don't do this. Don't put your need to secure property at the same level as others need to secure life. In their eyes when you did that you're still treating people as property. How are people so blind as to how incredibly fucking provocative that is? Dumb commie Sokath, his eyes open! You are wring about the democratic control of congress.  The House maybe, but not congress. Yes. Emphasis on the plural. Do y'all really think antifa is behind all this? That's sorta insulting to me because your completely disregarding what all the madness really started from. I'm sure somewhere there are antifa members doing whatever it is that they do but they have nothing to do with this. Calling out antifa and George Soros does what when we just witnessed the murder that broke the camel's back. I'm not looking to fight with y'all. I really want to know if you really and truly beleive this is all antifa. Issues like this happen in both parties. People are just biased and see it more when it’s a group of people they don’t like. I think these riots will help flip Minnesota red. i love it ! Get inside sounds fine. Looks like ANTIFA sitting around planning. The National Guard said go back into your house. ANTIFA had a choice and they chose to disobey the authorities. These looters paid the price. Oh well. I know this will get a lot of hate but:
A, You see the situation in Minneapolis right now. The police need the situation completely under control. B, They yelled at them several times to get in the house. And C, they were using paintball guns.

I’m completely pro guns but the purpose of the 2nd amendment is not to protect against cops armed with paintball guns trying to control a riot. There is plenty of violence in red states rn Wait wait but when us while people do it to protest something we care about we’re “showing force”??? > We need rapid, real de-escalation and we need it right now. We cannot descend into the chaos of violence.

I mean.. not really. Those darn white supremacists! Ok thanks for informing me. You must be of an extremely low IQ, I am so sorry Kapernic tried peaceful protest, but that wasn’t ok either. But taping a flag to a pos 84 f150 is in redneck America What’s the weather like in Syria this time of year? Depends on usage I guess. In case of these biomass situation they mostly just make up stuff as an excuse for logging.
Trees are suddenly sick so they need to go, lanes that have had trees for 50 years are suddenly unsafe for traffic so they need to go, too many forests are bad for biodiversity so trees need to be cut to make place for dunes and meadows and so on. This is nonsense of course, since entire animal populations are dwindling as a result. A few km next to me is a literal protected forest that’s being cut down for this “biodiversity” goal, even though this area has lots of meadows. Now deer are disappearing. I think people have a right to protest against that.

Besides that people order online more and more which leads to “landscape boxing”.
This means cutting down forests so you can plop down distribution centers, sometimes right in peoples gardens so goodbye view and goodbye real estate value, which would make me protest as well.

https://insights.abnamro.nl/app/uploads/2019/03/shutterstock_440627845.jpg

https://youtu.be/CTUOEjZ0X74 I’m from where murder, thievery, and destruction, blocking EMS and assaulting Firefighters is apparently legal, so I guess we must come opposite sides of the spectrum Not sure where you’re from, but where I’m from the majority of the protesters are peaceful. A lot of the looting happened after people started leaving. No you’re right. It’s better to just give up or not even try. Maybe you can try to talk to people and see what makes them believe what they believe. Go outside and seek differences without hostility. Listen open minded, discuss without anger. Stop painting people with a giant brush. Tune out the echo chambers. If *protestors* are about to “rip shit down” i really don’t think they are *protestors*, sounds like rioters. But maybe that’s too much reality for you to handle. I'm not sure what you mean by Democrats controlled Congress? Republicans have had a majority in the house for 20 of the last 25 years, as well as a Senate majority for 16 of the last 25 years. Am I reading this wrong? Honestly asking, not being argumentative. Do they charge by the letter? Why the wording so dumb? But it is still considering public property if the government are planning to replace it with something else? I am genuinely asking a question In Kansas City, we have a liberal mayor, but he has pretty conservative views in terms of law enforcement so violence has been able to be kept to a minimum Oooo naughty naughty *double eyed wink* I think that first, order must be restored. The current and immediate violence needs to end. The riots need to end. Shooting people isn't the answer, but there is a reason why it is called "riot tactics". They work for dispelling crowds and riots.

Second, police brutality is a colorless issue. It happens to all races, and it is always wrong. We've tried to solve this issue for decades, no one likes a corrupt cop. No one really has an answer though. We can keep trying, but we will never truly be able to get rid of every bad guy.

You say I'm playing a blame game, but who did I blame? I said republicans and conservatives are blamed for racial injustice unfairly. I then made an observation that a majority of these riots are happening in strong Democrat areas. Was I blaming democrats for the manslaughter of George Floyd? No. An observation is not placing blame, in fact, I feel I can comfortably say that the reason predominately democratic areas have riots is both because of a larger black community and because democrats are, in my opinion, more susceptible to the sensationalism fueling a lot of this. is this how potus communicates when twitter bans him? I’d regard forests as public property, despite the state “owning the land rights”.
There’s gonna be a whole lot more of these cases in the near future, especially in Northwest Europe, because of increased logging for biomass fuel usages. You make out with American Governors? Pretty ironic considering that decades of right-leaning policy dragged us into this. got a youtube link to this? Yes take more cops down Sup. Im from Philly. The protesters don't give a fuck about what political group our mayor is apart of. They are pissed off and are out to rip shit down. 

Mayors across the country are walking a tight rope of trying to maintain order while not stoking racial tension more then it already is.

Why on earth are you so focused on weird political blame games?

I don't know what the fuck the answer to this situation is. Im disheartened by the fact that our president thinks shooting anyone and everyone who is out of line is the best answer.

Im wondering what your answer would be to this problem. For no other reason than to know that your at least thinking about it on a deeper level then them vs. Us. because republicans are racist! /s Excellently put. That's an odd fantasy your having there bub. 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9766 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8517 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**

**...**

**15591.** `u/TastelessSmell` at **7 nices**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Well you have to be really stupid if you try to control someone with a knee on neck. And saw like couple videos where they did that to protestors. So what you mean training wasn't an issue? Hope they had an FAA permit for that... Flying with text is FAA regulated. Well the problem is a lack of domestic talent. 

Here look at this:
[stem degree holders by state.](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/gu2vyb/oc_where_are_the_stem_folks/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) I’m not a Republican, but I agree much more with that side of the aisle as far as politics go. The kneeling to the flag is obviously offensive to many Americans because we have millions of people involved in military service, including wives, brothers and grandparents. If you have lost a loved one in battle you can’t help but be ashamed of someone kneeling at the flag. However, they have the right to do it. I support their rights, even though I don’t agree with their method. Police brutality is a problem. Government overreach is a problem. Institutional racism and targeting of blacks by police is a farce. I’m not going to go on a statistic tirade here, but the underlying issue has nothing to do with race. It has to do with civil unrest fueled by the mainstream media and those who wish to cause panic. 

Again, I LIVE here. I rode my bike with my infant daughter down the street and passed my black neighbors and their families. We waved at each other and said hello like we always do. The media is trying to force a narrative that our country is inherently racist. Sure. Go back 25 years, and you might still see prevalent racism. In the year 2020, the only thing keeping racial tension alive in the US is the media and the Democrat Party. Heck, all the major cities that have rioters are run by Democrats. Nice No no no no no, you can't enter politics where only one side is going us vs them and you go we're all in this together and come out winning. You don't. The point is either side has devolved to tribalism, and to suggest one side shouldn't be tribal when the other might as well be is telling them to die out. I’m not you idiot. I said the person who got him off was a Democrat, because she was, it was Amy klobuchar. It’s basic reading comprehension. Yes it's all because of two different political parties. Thank you clarifying, you've solved everything! If you don't know his leanings why are you claiming he's a Democrat? You can't just make shit up because it feels good to promote tribalism. Grow up. Or at least work their way up the food chain.

Apparently the feds have more than a little captured comms from nazifa. Supporting leftists are freaking out that they may get swept up in the dragnet. I don’t know his leanings, but I know that he was tried for aggressive conduct and let off without even a slap on the wrist by Amy Klobuchar. It was her work as a prosecutor that protected that idiot. While I’m not defending the shooting here, they did tell them like 20 times to go inside before firing (plus it seemed like they were using rubber bullets, no intent to kill). I can understand that they want people to go inside to stay safe when people are rioting in the streets, I don’t think that’s unreasonable considering we’ve forced people to stay in their homes over a lot less Also i call bullshit on you knowing the political views of police that you've never met. It is us vs them. The huge hotspots of these problems are all lead by democrats. The cop who killed this guy was let off by a Democrat. The people who voted in policies that destroyed these areas are democrats. 

Democrats fucked these people and build these environments that breed these situations. They’ve voted the same way for 60 years and it’s gotten them what exactly? Ok sorry about that my guy won’t happen again. This is not what this sub is for. If you post like this again, we will ban you. 

We understand the annoyance of having to build up your karma and losing it when you argue with people on r/politics. But it is not our responsibility to help you get it back when you could do the responsible thing and just avoid them. You don't win anyone over there anyway. stop changing the subject, i‘m not defending the vandalism and the following riots, the bigger issue is the ongoing murders by police forces nevertheless. two of the three cops that killed him are still free even. 
i‘m simply stating the fact that any type of protest, even if it‘s peaceful such as the simple act of kneeling during the anthem, is considered controversial because republicans had a problem with it and you know it too.
if protesting is considered a constitutional right, why was the president himself tweeting that he shouldn‘t be in the country/leave it just because he did that? why isn‘t the president defending his decision?! this is literally hypocritical behavior and it‘s a shame that not only *a few* republicans called it out but literally everyone of them. it would be nice if your party would at least follow the things they preach. What does that have to do with my comment? How many times has CNN been caught directly lying? A majority of the riots are happening in heavy liberal cities. I'll never understand why they blame Republicans and conservative for the racism when so many of these incidents happen in their own backyards. What does that have to do with my comment? Everyone on this sub needs to see this. the same thing that happens when you negotiate with the hysterical, violent left Yes exactly this. and look at a lot of superiors in the police force. putting your officers in danger to take people’s guns to further your political view. how bout you come take em yourself. democrats can not be in charge of the police force. i don’t get it. how do the people that make their officers take guns still have jobs? it’s clearly against the constitution 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9739 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8512 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**

**...**

**80040.** `u/167881` at **2 nices**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) This comment is bizarre It should say "the protesters can't get us from up here" As an outsider from Europe, you are not “watching this happening”. You are reading what you see on the internet. We LIVE here. We have black neighbors. We have Latino neighbors. We all live in peace in the majority of places. The media and swamp crawlers twist the real story of a mans wrongful death into a national emergency and call to arms. Protesting is 100% approved by constitutional right. March the streets and yell all you want. If any Republican disagrees, then they need to re-evaluate themselves. However, vandalism and robbery of innocent bystanders is chaos and criminal. Anyone that does not condemn those types of actions is abhorrent. Unfortunately, having a society requires trust. Even if we hire a person as a cop who is a good guy the moment he is hired, a good person can have a bad day, a good person can snap, a good person can go bad. But we also can't be sure everyone we hire is even a good person. So all we can do is mandate that police officers are trained more, but we can't magically make all people good. And frankly, people just need to accept that. Also, people need to accept that sometimes mistakes are made by police. We would all like them to be perfect, but they are not.

So yes, what that police officer did to George Floyd was wrong and a violation of his rights. All we can do is heighten our training efforts, and encourage more openness about cops reporting other cops to superiors when troubling behavior happens. But even with that, a bad cop can still get through. So we must be more accepting that these things happen. That doesn't mean we should let anyone get away with bad behavior and hurting others, it just means we can't stop it all without changing the system into something that doesn't even work.

I mean we could make rules that say cops are not allowed to detain criminals, maybe cops are only allowed to ask criminals to stop and come with them. But that would be ridiculous. According to the black cop who was convicted in Minneapolis as an accomplice, the rioters are paid actors. How am I supposed to “initiate change” in a community hostile to my very existence. You so don’t get it. 

You don’t live here but you have an opinion and “by God you Americans better listen.” Right? 

Tell me... what about anything you posted was supposed to be helpful? 

You don’t have to live here after this is over... you don’t have anything to lose if your “advice” is wrong... 

So... my 1st response remains true... go back to China or wherever, but quit trying to enrage people and incite further violence, it is NOT helpful It’s almost like the second amendment becomes functionally useless in the presence of actual authoritarianism. When more people own guns, cops are more on edge and their trigger fingers get itchier. They get bigger guns to intimidate and overpower. They bring tanks to armor themselves.

More guns is more violence. Remember, if you don’t support Biden, then you ain’t black! Nice Glad to know you are too weak to initiate change! There's been undercover supremacists starting things. An officer was caught starting rioting. Am I just being ignored here.? What am i supposed to do? If you all are so wise and so much experience,  please tell me what we should do. “The political beliefs of our mayor directly impact our decision to be shitty violent looters!” - said nobody in this entire country Arson and attempted murder... They better not get a pass... or probation. Intent. saying that the u.s. has fundemantal issues from it’s civil war is insulting to the u.s.? as i said, it’s weird that america has this take it or leave it mentality. instead of saying, let’s improve this country most of you are like “that’s insulting” or “leave this country if you don’t like it” to the criticism.

>	Like how does the unemployment due to Covid Lockdowns have anything to do with us as a country being bad?

every country has increased unemployment but here in western europe we took premeasures and allow people to work from home and nobody is allowed to be discharged from their work during this time just because it’s a pandemic. a friend of mine in arizona has to live in her car because she has no job because of covid rn. you have no laws to protect the poor people and it’s a joke that your patriotic people are the only people calling their country the greatest ever but don’t actually do anything to make it reality. as i said, i like the u.s. as a country normally but i dislike the current administration for the way it’s handling things as it’s fuelling old wounds of racism even more and the fact that you still have no universal healthcare is worrying and also plays into the fact that so many people have died in the u.s. during covid. 

and if i hear anyone else just trashtalking me w/ china  instead of making counter points i feel like you are the actual snowflakes.

edit: saw rn it was someone else commenting that, sorry. but the points says that quite a few people have a problem with other political ideas and it’s ironic when some republicans, who say they believe in free discussion, don’t want to participate normally without insulting out of nowhere. You can stop spreading propaganda. Even simple stuff like raising minimum wage. I'm in the UK and 16, and the amount of people my age who can't even comprehend that significantly raising minimum wage increases costs for every product and service. 

They only look at the base layer where higher wage = more money and nothing else. I'm genuinely worried for the future of the UK, seeing as everyone just coming up to voting age is a raging socialist. Stay away  from r/politics . They ALL support this type of activity over there. Unbelievable . We (Republicans) literally have no power in these areas. We can’t do anything to help them help themselves when they vote Democrat. Propaganda is effective. Dude go away Truth! busy working to pay for these fuckfaces to destroy the cities. Also no time to reproduce with other whites. Destruction of a race is happening and its not some crazy conspiracy. Blacks asians and everyone else wants to see the white man fall. Just objective fact. It's so disappointing to see you guys look at yet another issue as us vs them. Both "sides" have valid points. Both "sides" have made mistakes. You're loyal to a political party instead of your fellow humans. Feckless, idiots. I'm so disappointed in my country. Not everything has to be a political debate(although the rich and powerful are glad you're so easily distracted). If this country ever fails don't blame "the other side", blame yourself.


Edit: thank you for the gold. We are in this together, not divided. youre so right! I understand the anger and frustration over the failure of our leaders to effect change as promised.  The centers of protests that turned into chaos is in Democrat controlled cities, Democrat controlled counties and States. Biden, Schumer,  Hoyer, and Pelosi have been in Congress for over 40 yrs.  Democrats have controlled Congress for all but 4 yrs since 1932.
After 8 yrs of Obama policies and what I don't understand is how POC repeatedly vote for people that talk shit about the opposition and then dont do shit for their constituents. no actual commenting but just dismissing and not giving a fuck that i’m from austria but cHiNa, did you even bother reading my other comment? every criticism of america makes you think we say death to america or other crap.

it really makes you wonder why america is doing bad in current times. I was thinking the same thing, the far right and left should create their own parties at this point. This is why Im a republican, because we care less about politicizing & labeling. We see shit how it is. I’d like to imagine the second that a liberal reads that, they’ll order the plane to be shot down for OfFeNdInG tHeM Can’t convince you of anything because of your views on law enforcement.  Stay safe Ethiconjnj.  Sleep well and have a good week. People in these cities need to wake up 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9667 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8512 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7099 nices**

**...**

**248667.** `u/Anonymous74829572010` at **1 nice**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) That second paragraph is so true. They seem to be incapable of understanding both short and long term repercussions of decisions and policies they want to enforce. Love it!! Los Angeles, California Before the last few years I would have considered myself a happy-go-lucky libertarian. Now, how anybody could give these people the time of day is beyond me. I won't even consider a candidate who even tries to meet the Democrats halfway. They are encouraging this. In your heart you want to escape but Joe “you ain’t black” Biden pulls you back in No. They were all canceled months ago to avoid corona Here is a list of pampered and protected liberals living safe in their gated communities writing with glee about how wonderful they feel when they see black ghettos burn. Journalism in the current year is a cesspit of cultural Marxist moronism. I really hope so. Where was this? Thank you! I could make out America and Governors but nothing else. ANTIFA are the white supremacists now AMERICA. LOOK AT OUR LIBERAL MAYORS & GOVERNORS = VIOLENCE I can't read it, what does it say? This could possibly be the biggest red wave in recent history in November. When you are living in such a shit hole at the moment, its really nice to look up to the sky and see this. Nice. That's all major cities there are republicans in California and new york state too just not in the cities True salt lake has a liberal mayor who actually sided with the protestors and said they should report any police officer who does something out of line. I think liberals really need to get on the same page. Couple days ago the narrative was that rioting was a just response to "wide spread police brutality". Now it is terrible and only being perpetuated by white supremacist groups. I mean it is pretty apparent that there are a lot of different races involved in the defamation of property and overt violence. Someone please tell me how any of this is helping people sympathize with the cause. Being a POC it honestly irks me that people might think I support these riots because I am a minority. And celebrities are evidently bailing these thugs out of jail. No you’re right, they’re not. Just celebrities and politicians are paying bail if they get arrested and if you don’t join in the rioting you are seen as a white supremacist. From “Europe” but death to America, Eh Comrade? News flash, go back to China I think we see that with them now not giving two shits about corona when a month ago you were an asshole for having three friends over. But suddenly it’s ok for every black person in 6 counties to congregate. The cities are or at the very least more so than the rest of the state Utah is not a dem area. The left has no principles, only propaganda and activism seeking to divide the American people. There are some democrats who are legitimately liberal, but probably 50% are simply hypocrites that cannot comprehend that you can't have your cake and eat it too. 

You can't riot ("protest") and socially distance at the same time. You can't promote affirmative action without taking someone else's job away from them. You can't have free college education. You have to make hard decisions. 

The infrastructure of society you implement will always lead to the adaptation of its support structures as a load-bearing necessity. The existence of social welfare creates welfare dependency. The existence of capitalism creates productivity dependency. The best systems will forge strength from the flames of weakness. I could almost understand them...but feelings change everyday.  So each day it is a surprise what the left will be supporting. Well said. I agree I do not get the logic of the world we live in.  

It is like a small child moving from one shiny object to the next without any thought or logic as to why besides that want to. And churches. Not only that but to also further the race war agenda. In all fairness, gathering to dispute govt tyranny is a CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT outlined by the first amendment. Ah yes, when the first sightings of roof-koreans were reported I could see a CNN reporter standing in front of that burning building calling it the result of a peaceful protest. it’s stupid to blame all these riots on them even though only ONE was confirmed as being by a supremacist group Lack of training or turning a blind eye? No, I'm pointing out that the interesting discrepancy in the first article, that you seemed to eager to jump on, may have a rather simple answer. And I gave you a second article to address that, and as it turns out, that answer would still not be "racism". Please include the kkk I can assure you opening fire on officers wouldn't help Gotta get to this later today. So you praise a study in your first post when you thought it agreed with you and now are calling it incomplete because, in actuality, it doesn't?

Just read the study.

And who said it was just about "white cops"? I didn't and neither did the paper. Why don't you just read the study? It's well done. Was covered in the Washington Times. I don't think training was an issue. Screening for homicidal tendencies, YES, should be routine, obviously missed for George.

An AR is for the people that must defend themselves. Except of course more black officers tend to police black communities, and they seem to [be much more physical on black people they're arresting](https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/2017/02/04/513218656/does-having-more-black-officers-reduce-police-violence).

So once again, this isn't a race thing, and it isn't an issue with "racist" police departments. You gotta do what it takes. /s. > I don’t like where this is going 

Agreed I’m with you here OP. People seem to forget which side they are on. Anti-authoritarianism is what this is about; not just when it’s in their favor! What in the name of fuck is this post I just got called racist because I'm sitting in my house programming instead of protesting.  "White silence is violence" lol.  Everything is racist now.  With the notable exception of beating white people to death. You didn't post the entire story. The other half agrees with what /u/543845 said:

>At the same time, the study found blacks and Hispanics were more than 50 percent more likely to experience physical interactions with police, including touching, pushing, handcuffing, drawing a weapon, and using a baton or pepper spray.

The study is [here](https://scholar.harvard.edu/fryer/publications/empirical-analysis-racial-differences-police-use-force). Here's the conclusion from the paper:

>On non-lethal uses of force, there are racial differences –sometimes quite large –in police use of force, even after accounting for a large set of controls designed to account for important contextual and behavioral factors at the time of the police-civilian interaction. Interestingly, as use of force increases from putting hands on a civilian to striking them with a baton, the overall probability of such an incident occurring decreases dramatically but the racial difference remains roughly constant. **Even when officers report civilians have been compliant and no arrest was made, blacks are 21.3 (0.04) percent more likely to endure some form of force**. Yet, **on \[officer-involved shootings\] we are unable to detect any racial differences** in either the raw data or when accounting for controls. lol No racist intent here whatsoever. 

None

None at all 

No sireee 

All is fine. Yeah. The Tea Party had not a single cup of tea stolen. They need to stop claiming to be "revolutionary", though I get the point being made. George Floyd didn't die from asphyxiation. 

https://www.heraldextra.com/news/national/officer-who-knelt-on-george-floyds-neck-charged-with-murder/article_dba4f1a0-8e4a-527f-85f1-1df42ed92d5d.amp.html You’re right, it’s not coronavirus....stupidity, however, gets spread like wildfire at Conservative protests. Stop using facts. The left hates facts and logic. Use your feelings. That’s the correct way to think. If you want change you better address the dumpster fire that is America. We need a leader Taft didn’t call people kneeling peacefully sons of bitches. There has been plenty of time to address these issues but a big part of America just wants to close their eyes. Or worse: try to demean those trying to peacefully address the issues. Then when shit goes down they pretend it isn’t because some innocent person was murdered in broad daylight. 

If you don’t want your country to burn, maybe don’t ignore the huge pile of tinder. Just remember a white supremacist shitstain set the Nashville courthouse on fire.

And he probably agrees with everything you just said. 

And then take a step back and think about who your fellow patriots are and what you really seek to protect in this great nation of ours. 

Lincoln didn’t die for this. Agreed. That and the protection of the entire Bill of Rights. It's been thrashed pretty hard these past couple of months. I hope the fbi spends a lot of time tracking these people down Peaceful protesters according to De Bozo! LMFAO You forget. The Virus doesn't like heat. That's why protestors HAD to torch buildings to act like Bunsen burners in a laboratory and burn the virus away.  Keeping protestors safe and not needing masks. You would think that these people would stop and look at what they're doing and maybe think "hey maybe I'm the bad guy" then again these people are obviously morally bankrupt so maybe not. No problem. Oh not to you sorry. Was thinking he's insulting the US. Like how does the unemployment due to Covid Lockdowns have anything to do with us as a country being bad? Lockdown the left , &open up the country to the law abiding people. Both are wrong so I side with the people who have their homes and businesses looted. from the looks of this 2A will be the biggest voter issue during the next election cycle I cringe Especially with the antifa subreddit here and coordinated rioting, with street names and approximate times. Right? Here I was worrying about dems when the cops just blindside me with all sorts of shit. In the middle paragraph of his comment where he calls the US a joke. What does the unemployment even have to do with anything? I’m just wondering where he got those numbers from. 1 in 4 unemployed? Yeah most likely turned into some hipster scene. To be fair, what about the protestors a few weeks ago who parked their cars in the middle of the road around the capital building demanding their state reopen and for the mask mandate to be dropped? Nope, because they are working. Needs a fact check, but who's going to right ? They are no longer considered protestors. They are rioters, thugs. Wasn't that implied? Bit’o both. Yes it’s just another way to divide when we should all be coming together to rebuild and reform this country and the world. This us vs them mentality is getting a bit old. I feel like we have bigger problems on our hands. Some got 50k to sell out Americans to Verizon but others did it for less than a thousand. If you Google Verizon pays republicans im sure you'll find it. Reminds me of Modern Warfare 2. "Fall back to the Burger Town !" Right, because white supremacists would TOTALLY be fighting for black rights. And hair salons Funny I don't hear the outrage that they're killing someone's grandparents by being out and this close proximity with each other. And some probably not wearing masks too.

Guess TDS has moved on from Covid-19. 5 years from now it will be prime yuppie real estate I respect the people in this sub so much more through these hard times and the serious discussions I’ve seen here They need to go after Soros What are you proposing then? We all just kill everyone that does something bad? What are actually supposed to do. for people that claim to be factual you don’t even try to actually comment your point but simply call other comments “idiotic” lol

seriously, what is wrong with my statement? your country has become the laughing stock of the entire world, it’s a shame. 100k dead, 1 in 4 unemployed, riots everywhere because you can’t stop police brutality even after decades, i was taught this would happen under socialism and not under the current administration?

what i find the most interesting about america is that your ultra patriotism goes into actual nationalism and simply the fact of calling it out is unpatriotic and unamerican. On T w i t t e r some are claiming he started it and they are defending themselves. So....11 people beating him into the concrete and then checking his pockets is considered self defense? You can google Larry Elder. I believe he has rather good grasp on both past and current situation in the black community.

As for issues in fatherless households. There's plenty of literature out there. Here's some for starters.

http://marripedia.org/effects_of_fatherless_families_on_crime_rates

http://fathers.com/statistics-and-research/the-extent-of-fatherlessness/

And you can read about War on poverty's critique on Wiki. They have a decent information there. 

https://townhall.com/columnists/thomassowell/2004/08/17/a-painful-anniversary-n1190382 And we have the first idiotic comment of the day. Here's a reward for not using your brain as an outsider from europe watching all this happening: even kaepernick peacefully protesting by simply kneeling was insulting to republicans so stop saying that looting is the problem when still two of three cops killing george floyd are still free and these shootings happen every few months. people saying they would defend peaceful protests [are liars](https://i.imgur.com/FJwKlT3.jpg). These thugs don't give a rat's ass about George Floyd. They want to vandalize, terrorize, and destroy. Nuclear weapons. Props to you trying to steer the conversation in more clear discourse. The only think I would say about this post is this.

Twitter is a tool. Hammer is a tool also. If you give hammer to a hand of a craftsman you get a shelf. If you five hammer to a hand of an idiot they are gonna break their fingers or worse hurt someone else.

A tool is not inherently good or evil, its how we use the tool what defines that. Well these riots are in democrat run areas but I also don't like the police that's been suppressing my rights for two months for the lockdowns Its FOX news. What stance do you think Fox is going to take on this? Events such as this are incredibly easy to depict in whatever narrative one desires. I would be shocked if Fox news would depict the protests/riots in a way that would not show only the worst of the protesters. 

How about showing how the protesters protected that one cop who god separated from his squad?

Lets not forget we are all people and 99% of people would not want this to be happening in the first place including the murder of George Floyd.

I respect police the same way I respect firefighters or other first responders but I can not respect racists in those forces. I don’t care what the people or government of either country thinks. Just saw that the LA covid-19 clinics are going to be closed because they can't guarantee people's safety. So let me follow the logic here. A human died needlessly at the hands of a police officer, completely horrible and tragic. This somehow justifies putting everyone in the country at risk of the virus, the senseless rioting and what promises to be a very difficult economic recovery. Marches can be very effective if you plan it out right.
Also, thank you for providing a source, but I don’t see how those arrests were bad. You are on someone else property, you get told to leave several times, and then you get arrested, makes sense. [Except it **doesn't** happen disproportionally much to black people](https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/jul/11/no-racial-bias-police-shootings-study-harvard-prof/). That's just how the media have been pushing the narrative. Well who’s fault is it when the government and politicians push us back all you see is the symptoms and blame us we’ve been fighting these politicians for years and we will continue to fight for years what do you think the civil rights movement was about. You’re saying right now it’s the governments fault when you just said it was our fault seconds ago you’re now understanding my side of things. We don’t sit back and blame the government we take action into our own hands protesting peacefully and lobbying. But when we do receive help from the government at the same time it’s the same people like you who say all you guys want is a government handouts know what we want is equal opportunities and liquor stores out of our neighborhood in the war on drugs to be erased from our history. 

Edit: I’m using voice to text so Siri is not the most intelligent AI in the universe Cool, deny all you want. Your opinion really doesn't mean shit. Decades of data collection and facts are against you. Like what? Think we should have bio weapons? I agree but thats not the government’s fault. Its not yours either. It’s hard to get out of poverty When opportunities are scarce in our neighborhood win instead of grocery stores we have liquor stores filling our neighborhoods it’s hard to get out of poverty when my brother has to take care of their younger siblings instead of going to school. We don’t have Equal access to healthcare we are not provided with the jobs that provide those opportunities for that healthcare. We’re not provided with the education to get those jobs.

(edited) No. You do have equal access to healthcare. Instead of protesting and asking the government to help you why dont you work hard to get out of poverty. Its not only black people who are poor and impoverished You’re saying black on black crime why don’t we protest that. well we do ending poverty poverty is the cause of black on black crime, and fighting poverty is protesting it. Black on black crime is not a cause it is a symptom and by fighting poverty and demanding equal access to healthcare we’re treating the cars not a symptom do you understand? I really am enjoying this discussion with you and getting your perspective and trying to help you see mine I am so confused Hahah gun violence against police. My guy have you taken the time to WATCH THE VIDEO? Because black on black is a symptom that the car is the causes poverty and that all ties back to the war on drugs which Bill Clinton already apologize for but still we see scars today for. Reaganomics which still was unproven and really left black people behind black on black crime is a symptom of poverty. So we do protest when we aim to fight for less discrimination in the workplace and more opportunities for people because that in poverty which in crime so don’t say we don’t protest and don’t fight for that stuff. We aim to treat the cause not the symptom. Do you know what this people out of poverty equal access to healthcare when you’re not squander with healthcare bills because you have insurance that in cyclical property which disproportionately affects black people because black people are less likely to have insurance. Have you been looking at the current Philadelphia rioting right now?  Your people are being portrayed for exactly who they are. they are INSIDE their own property So why dont you protest black on black? 90% of black people are killed by other black people. Thats from the fbi See that’s very misleading since you all make up a higher percentage of the population so you’re behaving like the media you claim to hate by presenting a very misleading statistics yes you guys are killed more but we are killed disproportionately more. On a percentage base level. Well black and white. More white people are killed by cops then blacks are I’m just frustrated with how my people are portrayed in the media and how many people have been killed unjustly by the people who swear to serve and protect them. I really don’t understand your point and why your arguing. I agree with you the media is the problem Because this is nationwide frustration not a sporting event the frustration is much more than some drunkards hopping on a car but a riot is a right and the fact that far right and even the left media refuse to call it that when college students get together and destroy property is sickening. Just looked into it. It didn’t look that bad but they shouldn’t do that. Its nothing like what happening right now They won the world series in 2013. Let me look it up real quick It was not a celebration parade it was a riot. It happened in 2013 along with UMass students I say listen to the police orders to go inside Yes it does sicken me when cnn and msnbc defends the rioting. I agree the media is the problem Exactly! I think they are just trying to add a label to it and make it political. A rioter is a rioter, doesn’t matter who they’re affiliated with. Antifa ban is the best thing I heard today Honestly in a situation as widespread as this one is, you probably have elements from all three.  But I'd wager the majority are just angry or opportunistic youths that aren't affiliated with any group. What red sox riot? Im a red sox fan and I dont recall one? Are you talking about the celebration parade when they won the world series [Update](https://www.forbes.com/sites/sergeiklebnikov/2020/05/30/every-person-arrested-in-saint-paul-last-night-was-from-out-of-state-mayor-says/#65b58959264d) Now the next step is to infiltrate, arrest, indict, and incarcerate. Someone shut this bitch up. We’re treating it like a partisan issue rather than American issue in the way media covers your fellow black Americans that should sicken you That’s because they were but the media never called the Boston Red Sox riots riots or the Alabama university riots riots.  Matter fact if you look historically of how Fox News covers black protest and white protest you’ll see a stark contrast in the terms they use. Fox News is part of the problem. Seems like your issue is with the media. Obama called the baltimore rioters thugs too media didnt say anything. Then how come we don’t call them dogs and criminals in the media we called them young out-of-control college students but when black people do something they’re thugs and criminals doesn’t that seem like a double standard to you No need. Wait for them to come to you, be armed with more than a sword. What does there race matter? And if they committed a crime then yes There were tons of peaceful protesters in NYC, these people are not peaceful protesters. Please don’t call rioters and looters peaceful protesters. You’re insulting those who are trying to actually peacefully protest police brutality and abuse of power. If whites(or anyone) are participating violently in any riots of course they should be jailed.

Why are you a) not stating these Minneapolis thugs should be jailed and b) not attacking the first commenter for only isolating certain groups?

Or do you agree with the looting, destruction and killings? It’s why people should be allowed to own more then just a gun It’s pathetic. Pathetic dude. So do you think we should jail and convict The white college students that participated in the University  ‘Bama football game right So what do you think about gelling all the way to participated in the Alabama University football game protest and riots really and the Vancouver Canucks riot and the Boston Red Sox riots. They loaded and stole two matter fact we don’t even call them thugs we called them young college students whenever white people do something however when black people do something we call them thugs Facts. Can’t stand far right personally. They give us a bad name If they destory property then yes Were riots nearby this neighborhood? Where is the double standard?  It's the first commenter singling out a group and I corrected/updated him.  So please respond to him also. 

This event is happening real time, so all these violent loser thugs need to be arrested and jailed of which the vast majority are the ones I identified. 

And any Whites, Asians, Latinos, etc., participating should be jailed also. Apply the laws equally. 

Now do the right thing and correct the first commenter also.  Otherwise you're setting the double standard. I wouldn't call a joke a "word salad". You can call it "unfunny", though I'd disagree because I think it's very funny.

I'm still waiting for you to post a study, without confounding variables, that supports the full chain of your logic, which I called "bumpy".

And while I'm not liberal, I don't think liberal ideaology prevents liberals from making sound arguments. I've read well sourced posts from folks across different ideaologies (one just today from a conservative).

If you're throwing around "liberal" like it's an insult, it's because you're too insulated. It's like listening to a socialist insult conservatives by calling them racist. Both are simply false. Hold on buddy boy whites “riot” after sports games and events you’re enforcing an unessacary double standard where are you when after Alabama football games whites are burning and hopping on cars Lefty here. I also solidly support 2a and would back anyone anywhere facing police violence or oppression. Absolutely right, this is not a political issue it’s a fundamental issue of freedom vs authoritarianism. What about the sports game riots after sporting events ask the brain dead liberal “Scientists confirm the virus only spreads at bars and sporting events. Riots are the exception.” I have yet to see anyone disagree with the fact that what the officer did was wrong, and should be charged with murder. No one disputes raw counts for the reasons you provided. What's disputed is whether or not there's a racial bias in the rate of use-of-force among those apprehended and under controlled variables.

This was the text posted in the link I sent:

*An Empirical Analysis of Racial Differences in Police Use of Force*

On non-lethal uses of force, there are racial differences –sometimes quite large –in police use of force, even after accounting for a large set of controls designed to account for important contextual and behavioral factors at the time of the police-civilian interaction. Interestingly, as use of force increases from putting hands on a civilian to striking them with a baton, the overall probability of such an incident occurring decreases dramatically but the racial difference remains roughly constant. **Even when officers report civilians have been compliant and no arrest was made, blacks are 21.3 (0.04) percent more likely to endure some form of force**. Yet, **on \[officer-involved shootings\] we are unable to detect any racial differences** in either the raw data or when accounting for controls. Bit of a stretch I think you are because your history reflects your political point of view which is not Republican.  You subscribe to r/Republican to be disagreeable.  And you have been.  R/politics is really where you want to be to get the camaraderie that you are looking for.  If you paid any attention to what I said, it wasn’t wrong.  You just disagree.  She should have followed commands.   She could have been put in jail, but they bean bagged her in the ass instead.  I don’t have any problem with that.  You think the police were wrong.  I don’t think they were. It's actually kinda funny. On CNN they're still that the protesters are peaceful, but in the background you can clearly see rocks being thrown, dumpster fires, etc. they can't hide it. He did. Your an idiot if you go outside, unless you're rioting lol. People are not "free to smash up the streets".. How exactly would they know who the members are. All rioters and looters should be prosecuted. If someone is peacefully protesting and has an antifa sticker would they be charged? Didn’t see a whole lot of whites in those gangs. Terrorists who need to be treated as such. So tell me that you’re not advocating gun  violence against police.  Because your title is close to reportable.  It just doesn’t really cross the line, but it’s close.  Usually non republicans go to r/politics to vent, because they have no standards and they don’t care what anyone says. https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gtok82/they_staged_a_pallet_of_bricks_in_dallas/ Random pallets of bricks are just randomly showing up in downtown Dallas... this isn’t a protest, it’s a well funded insurrection. Governors are activating the National Guard for good reason. Large crowd beating a white man, nothing to see here.... Lol This will resort more protests because only in masses can the people stand up.
One individual guy shooting back will just resort in a gunfight. But protests involving thousands is a whole different ballgame. They want to be Democrats, they want to be Socialists, they want to be on the left, this shouldn't surprise them. Wonder how you'll feel when standing outside your house minding your own business and 20 cops roll up yelling "light him up" and pepper you with rubber bullets and paint balls.

Will you clutch your flag with a tear in your eye and say God damn it thank u America. Thank you.

Or will you be slightly terrified and angry? What did MLK do that was on here? Not asking to be contradictory, just legit curious I’ve been a subscriber for literally years, probably longer than you.  I’m commenting now because most threads are too sparse with comments to make it worth it.

Not everyone who shows you how dumb you are is troll or a brigading.

Sometimes you’re just that wrong. When do the people who see something terribly wrong with this picture get their right to riot? Someone is exploiting their labor for a riot?! Someone inform the antifascistas! If this is not the right community to invoke, discuss and protect the constitution and the rights it lays out for every person on this land, idk where to go They are paid to riot so they would get no jail time their employers would get them out of any trouble. Nothing new. Finally a voice of reason. Criminal status doesn’t have to be attributed to a race or political belief. It’s just whoever commits the crime. 100% agree to this, punish everyone equally or don’t punish them at all. Because police don’t run around shooting paintball guns. Any time you see police with paintball guns they are shooting pepper-balls out of them, it’s an incredibly common anti-riot weapon, it wouldn’t make any sense for police to be running around shooting normal paintballs. Second, you’re allowed to be on your porch, can you find the law that says you can’t sit on your front porch. You’re arguing with me about pretty common sense things. Last time I checked we live in the US (as least I do and that’s where this video was shot) not Nazi Germany, its not illegal to be on your front porch, even during a stay at home order/curfew order. It's a convenient way to wash your hands from the riots. It stopped being just a riot when they started attacking police stations, police cars, taking weapons, robbing banks, stores, and began murdering people.

It stopped being about George Floyd when organized attacks on businesses, police, fire departments began

It stopped being about George Floyd when a uniformed mob of thugs started chanting  "Kill the White man".

What kind of lunacy are we living in when white people are chanting " Kill White People"? 

It is an insurgency.  And that is what happens when one political party use the intelligence agencies and the federal bureau of investigations in a coup d'état to overthrow the president of the United States just because their Wall Street backers are pissed that their $500 billion dollars a year Chinese Communist Party grift has been ended. 

Hey, Jamie & Goldman call off your media attack dogs on the President or you will not be facing a civil court but a military tribunal. The Chinese Communist Party trade game is over it's not coming back; EVER!

Fix your media messaging or lose everything you have.

Today should have been about America going back into space.  Wall Street made it about getting rid of the President of the United States because he has ended the game of selling out the United States citizens to the Chinese Communist Party.  A $500 Billion dollar a year grift that was bankrupting the nation and killing our citizens.  

Follow the money.  The groups that organized the nationwide terrorist insurgency are funded.  Their comms are trackable.  

Jamie & Goldman fix it. Fire the talking heads across the board every network. Call Jack, Eric, Susan, Mark and tell them how it is.  End it now. You created this monster time to shut off the taps. CALL IT IN.   Stop funding these communist movements.  

Otherwise, look around it will all be gone forever.  

The Chinese Communist Party trade is over. Done.  It is never, ever, ever coming back.  The Democrats are finished.  The Rob-Public-Wecans are done.  Lean in on this and the consequences are not just going to reverberate in the United States but around the world. There will not be a safe market anywhere. You will end up with nothing. Your children will end up with nothing.  Your grandchildren will end up with nothing.  And the Mob that you have created will come for you.  The Hamptons is not a dependable position.  You will have no way to run, nowhere to run to.  Your mansions will end up being your graveyards. no one said shooting back... there have been videos circulating of groups of gun owners standing with protestors to make them feel safe and the police have been a lot more thoughtful and tactical handling those situations Yeah, that’s pretty jacked up In fact the curfew laws allow MUCH MORE than that including organised gatherings at a reasonable time and a place You spare the wolf and sacrafice the sheep, my friend. This was proven true in Virginia, where blue cities decided to take away the guns of the entire state. So much for all that "fellow Americans" belief.

Its is absolutely Red vs Blue and Left vs Right. Even countries with no guns have national guards with weapons and ammo. They don’t have this sort of police brutality at protests against brutality Not in blue states The amazing thing is they are being defended. Even if they are protesting injustice, which they’re not, these looters are hoodlums not there for Floyd, 400 years of oppression does not excuse this, You are the problem OP. You’re OP.  Your another non Republican posting on the Republican subreddit.  So how about you explain what you mean by the title of this post. Yes. I will defend those who hate me. Because I believe in being the better person. Right now it’s about police brutality. It doesn’t matter who you vote for. You are at risk of being a victim. 

I will fight for me when it’s specifically directed at me. I will speak out  now because it is directed at me. You are not immune. > That is so divisive. So because someone doesn’t agree with your way of life or has inconvenienced you, you no longer see them as a brother? They deserve what they get ? 

Yes. Infact, im happy the leftists who wanted to take my guns are now suffering after giving up theirs. 

Let their state burn, they are traitors to America anyway, as they infringe on consitutional rights.

>Who will come to your aid when you are in peril ? They really got you hard on this red vs blue stuff and you are forgetting we are all Americans first. 

My safety is entirely in my hands. "American first", given i give up my guns, lest i be thrown into jail in a blue state, or not having that happen in a red one. Yeah, real cool compromise, countrymen.

>I am proud to hold conservative values but I am a citizen first.

And you will power those who hate everything about you ? Good luck. Yeah cause opening fire on a group of ~20 cops sounds like a great idea! It’s tough being a liberal lol This The riots have burned the heart out of mainstream media's phony Panda Pandemic panic. George Floyd's great personal sacrifice certainly cured the country of the CCP corona. Yeah but the mindset is the same: obey authority. You say you do not agree with looting, rioting, and destroying your community. I agree, they should not be doing that. But the fact remains that many are contradicting themselves here, and agreeing to obey authority when it fits what you want is fundamentally flawed. Anyways, I’ll raise you this- many churches and gathering that violated quarantine orders were the sources of outbreaks in communities, which people seem to forget is a very serious issue. Theres a reason why the USA has over 100k deaths, COVID has not been controlled. You see, the people opening their businesses against orders in the middle of a pandemic and the rioters burning buildings both are putting people at risk. And I might add that you may say peaceful protests are the way to go, but do you remember how much this sub shit on Kaepernick? He was protesting peacefully. And you’re the same people that say such citizens are inciting riots. Idk if you see the stark contrast in your beliefs and the reality. Watch the right turn to the left really soon... the shift happens with left-wing provocateurs like these You’re on this sub to brigade.  Have a great weekend. And vote in person as well. acting like an occupying force It's true, you just don't want to believe it. Unfit for the country they’re destroying. These are lives that matter how exactly? Hey guys is America great again yet? That is so divisive. So because someone doesn’t agree with your way of life or has inconvenienced you, you no longer see them as a brother? They deserve what they get ? 

Who will come to your aid when you are in peril ? They really got you hard on this red vs blue stuff and you are forgetting we are all Americans first. 

I am proud to hold conservative values but I am a citizen first. And yet you say stupid shit like:

> We need to organize a counter-protest for the police, build a giant trapdoor underneath it, then drown them all in pepper spray. And also, piss on their graves when they die. The officer doesn't make the rules of the curfew. The officer's orders were not backed by law and are therefor not legally required to be obeyed: https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Pages/faq.aspx

>Can I be outside my house (on my property) after 8 p.m. and before 6 a.m.?

>Yes. Actually, you need multiple AR15s. She is on her porch. What happened to a man's home is his castle? Incorrect. Orders from police are not law. There are limits to their powers. You use the term “right thing” but I linked to evidence that her standing on the porch was indeed the “right thing” or did you not read the whole link?  She’s allowed to do that.

Being uncooperative with government forces that are acting objectively tyrannical is a good thing.

Again, I’m yet to hear you say a negative thing about the cops who are either ignoring the rules of the curfew or ignorant of them (not sure which is worse). People are. 

There are organized groups roaming around killing cops and federal officers Bruh, shooting the cops in retaliation or even brandishing my gun in response is gonna end badly m’kay? People are shooting back at cops. 

[2 officers dead at the Oakland protest](https://www.sfgate.com/crime/article/Oakland-protests-riots-federal-officer-killed-loot-15305272.php)

[1 officer shot in Milwaukee](https://www.wisn.com/article/milwaukee-police-officer-shot-during-overnight-protest/32719006#)

[The stories are there if you look for them](https://www.abc10.com/mobile/article/news/local/sacramento/sacramento-officers-injured-during-protest/103-756f2473-1484-470f-8ccf-c83d419a64c8)

Armed insurrection. Organized groups of people are shooting cops and killing federal officers. 

[Federal officers killed outside of courthouse](https://www.sfchronicle.com/bayarea/article/22-arrested-60-looters-detained-in-Oakland-15305244.php) People are shooting back at cops. 

[2 officers dead at the Oakland protest](https://www.sfgate.com/crime/article/Oakland-protests-riots-federal-officer-killed-loot-15305272.php)

[1 officer shot in Milwaukee](https://www.wisn.com/article/milwaukee-police-officer-shot-during-overnight-protest/32719006#)

[The stories are there if you look for them](https://www.abc10.com/mobile/article/news/local/sacramento/sacramento-officers-injured-during-protest/103-756f2473-1484-470f-8ccf-c83d419a64c8)

Armed insurrection. Organized groups of people are shooting cops and killing federal officers. 

[Federal officers killed outside of courthouse](https://www.sfchronicle.com/bayarea/article/22-arrested-60-looters-detained-in-Oakland-15305244.php) >There is a strict curfew

According to the FAQ about that same curfew, people are allowed to be outside on their own property: https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Pages/faq.aspx

>Can I be outside my house (on my property) after 8 p.m. and before 6 a.m.?

>Yes. its about trampling the constitution I came here to say exactly the same thing. Cops like these are nothing but Government boot lickers - no different than Nazi Germany!! 
“Just following orders” - Tyrannical cowards. These people don’t want a country. They aren’t interested in civilization. She easily walked in her front door, but not until they had to tell her several times and then she got bean bagged.  If she had walked in her front door to begin with, no bean bag.  What she did wrong is she was uncooperative.  Easier to do the right thing to begin with and then you don’t get bean bagged. It looks like Afghanistan in Minneapolis.  Someone has to fix that problem.  You don’t like it, but someone has to do it.  It will get done.  For your own safety, don’t be part of the problem like her. I still wait for you to prove me wrong. Your word salad doesn't prove anything. Want to be like typical liberals? Sure, go ahead. I thought Republicans were better than this. Idiots Doesn't really for people farther right on the spectrum relative to me.  I'm just the type to look at the cause and (depending on how the media portrays it) ignore the effects. I would pay money to see how these antifa punks get by in an actual hostile environment like prison where there are no screens to hide you, and just about everyone has a good chance of hitting you in the mouth for running it.. This is why you need an AR15. How does this behavior fit in with conservative ideals like small government and private property rights?  This all bill of rights basics. Soros puppet And with all that non-violence he was still assassinated. I expect the Minneapolis Police to understand the curfew rules as well if not more than the NG. So no words for the cops shooting people doing nothing wrong only for the citizens brave enough to try and stand up for their right?

Life sure is being made tough by you being stupid. Yep, assertive peace always works. Look at Mahatma Gandhi. Just a different take on violence not being the means to a justification. Unfortunately, yes :( And yet here they are, testing They should be protesting, but they're protesting all wrong. They're just hurting themselves. The cops wouldn't stop them from doing that. So Joe Bidens campaign staff is bailing out white supremacists? Then they could have asked for identification to verify the address or arrested them for failure to obey a debatable lawful order instead of resorting immediately to firearms even if it is designed as non lethal. You are a left wing provocateur moat likely. Anyone who riots should be held responsible. Doesnt matter where they stand. There is a strict curfew in place because people are being beaten to death, also realize if they didnt do this rioters would feel safe coming out after they pass and attacking them in the flank. They have training to not get surrounded. 

If you want to beat them when this gets worse under democrats you won't do it by running around with pistols like jungle people, you would have to walk them into a trap or out maneuver them. 

This is essentially a test run for martial law, they are lucky its just paint balls. Marches rarely accomplish something substantial, they’re for awareness that quickly has no meaning in the eye of the public again.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tree_sitting
List of tree sits has arrests. In The Netherlands where I live there have been occurrences too, one of the cases being the Awacs airbase planning to cut doen a forest which would result in loss of a big part of local greenery and an increase in pollution and noise in residential areas. > They wouldn’t do anything if we were united on this.

Noone is united on anything right now, that pretty much is the problem...

>They should be arresting people breaking into stores and vandalizing property. Leave everyone else the hell alone. Their literally making the point of the protestors with this power grab.

100% Agree It would be a shame if the company making bank for race baiting and sowing class division were to be burned to the ground like they have been encouraging rioters to do to other people's businesses... John Wayne Quote: “Life’s tough, but it’s tougher when your stupid”. > not legal to not comply.

And if it were not legal to comply, then the officer must arrest the person who fails to comply. Not shoot them. By shooting someone who fails to comply, this officer, and the commanding officer who said "*light 'em up*", is judging the citizen and handing out punishment. The officer is not a judge. The officer is not a law maker. The officer merely part of the executive, and must leave the sentencing and punishment to the judiciary, and the making of the laws to the legislation. We talk like this is a “Democrat only issue” and that is a mistake. If this same level of violence were to happen in a state that was predominantly Republican, does anyone really think the response would not be similar? Jesus died not from the giant nails thru his body but actually from high blood pressure How so? Have you heard of marches? I don’t think the cops just go around arresting all those people. And can you give me an example of someone getting arrested for tying themselves to trees? George soros fucked my wife too 😕 We need to organize a counter-protest for the police, build a giant trapdoor underneath it, then drown them all in pepper spray. And also, piss on their graves when they die. Not a counter argument, just being factual Ur right man. U should go to the White House abt this It sucks man. Jack forces me against my will and MAKES me use twitter instead of the other dozen social media sites. FUCK HIM I wonder *why* they are patrolling in the first place, it couldnt have anything to do with the large scale riots and "peaceful" protests, could it?  I don't think the media brings enough attention to why these thing happen.  It/they only give attention/shame to the governmental effects, and not the "civil" causes. Y’all know that white supremacists and cops are the ones who are doing inciting the violence right If you di anything more than sit around holding up a sign it will be branded a violent or extreme protest. What about people who chain themselves to trees to prevent them from being cut down? They just get arrested. You can only fight force with force. No, this is when we draw the line, and we start training officers to actually protect and serve George soros fucked my wife dude They have to see everybody as a threat, that’s just the common mentality you hav to have in these situations. They don’t who could be violent. They have to keep people inside to, you know, stop them from destroying their city. We should aspire to be under control because good stuff doesn’t happen when we are constantly at odds with everyone else for no reason. No one will listen to your riots. It’s just going to lead to more policing. Peaceful protests work, but they take more effort than just sitting around somewhere holding up signs. It’s George Soros prolly. He’s behind everything. He fucked my wife too Shut up, ya cop whore. Ya it’s their fault ur a racist fuck https://dps.mn.gov/macc/Pages/faq.aspx

She wasn’t doing anything against the curfew.
What does it take for you think a cop is wrong? The new crips & bloods Antifa banged my wife It goes even further for MN. Look at this crap bill they signed for body cams.  As long as the officer doesn’t cause major harm to a person they do not have to allow the public to view the footage, but can still use that footage to support their case against the civilian. 


https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.twincities.com/2016/05/31/dayton-signs-law-governing-police-body-cameras-and-footage/amp/ And that's what the protest is for. Just because they know you can't retort to whatever levels of violence they might be capable of doesn't mean they get to test those limits MLK said negative peace is the absence of tension. Whereas positive peace is the presence of justice. He said the biggest roadblock to progress was moderates who believe that they can control the timeline of another peoples freedom

Just an interesting idea in reference to the preservation of order. It’s not about their paintball guns and terrible aim, it’s about their mentality. Their entire paradigm is fucked since they’re not protecting the people from rioters, they’re seeing everyone as a threat.
Plus everything being under control is a status quo situation we shouldn’t aspire to return to, these things keep happening for a reason and instead of trying to reform it always sizzles out.
I don’t condone looting or destruction of businesses and cars, but I sure as hell want people to riot because that’s the only way the establishment listens. The rioters just need to pick the right targets. Yes, the problem is they know that too. So they’re using that fear against us. EXACTLY...!! I would like to say that though I see your point, wouldn't shooting at the cops (even from your own private domicile) be met with even more firefight and death? They are gonna trample on our rights with there.... paintball guns and terrible aim. I mean, you realize why they are doing this right? It’s because of the rioters. It’s not gonna be like this for very long,  only until the violent riots stop and they have everything under control. But it’s an order that goes against the law, is it even an actual order at that point? This is just a hill to die on for me, seeing these fucks trample on what your country was supposed to be built on makes me furious. Don’t worry it’s for our safety. Maybe daddy will let us go outside next week if we’re lucky. The door was open they turned around and ran right in. This garbage website has so many ads you can’t even see the article. It’s just Right baiting with communism as the boogie man It's about preserving order during a clear insurrection from outside or inside forces that lean to the Left. They wouldn’t do anything if we were united on this. They should be arresting people breaking into stores and vandalizing property.  Leave everyone else the hell alone. Their literally making the point of the protestors with this power grab. I’m not talking about the curfew being a legal order.  I’m talking about the police command to go Inside the house.  Perfectly legal and not legal to not comply. We should all know the context of massive riots in Minneapolis.  Along with that, the burning and looting.  They have shelter in place orders and probably curfews.  This stupid woman could have walked in her front door.  That’s all they asked for her to do.  Since she wasn’t cooperating, the got bean bagged.  Sucks to be stupid. Would this include the far-left and far-right groups? Kill the Nazi police officers on sight. Any officer "following orders" is a threat to civilian lives. They have no capability to think for themselves and no empathy to consider their victims' lives. Everyone needs to get their guns out now or arm up if you don't have any. Set traps around your house if you can. Amazing counter argument. No, common sense is knowing that a bunch of every aggressive and angry cops aren’t going to be happy when you disobey their orders several times, so you better listen to them. The curfew laws say it’s legal to do it. Unbelievable. I feel like we are in the twilight zone And you failed at being logical Common sense is giving up your rights and bowing down to tyranny? Glad I don’t have common sense then. So I guess I am not American for using common sense? Ok mate. I think the point would be had everyone pulled out a weapon the Officers would have fled. 

They’ll only insert it if you bend over for them. Miss mind reader you’re so smart. Evidence has came out that supports that many of those looting are right wing extremists. Watch the videos of destruction on stores. Many of those causing destruction are masked up
White people. You’ve lived a good, sheltered life if you can only think in black and white. I envy your ignorance. Life is easier that way Autocorrect, that’s why it’s spelled weird. Also, how do you they are using pepper balls? And who said it’s legal to do it? I’m more interesting in who will try to purchase the burned down blocks. Who said anything about government. I’m just trying to be logical. Not necessarily. Im just saying that you can’t expect all these riot police to be al nice to you after disobeying them several times. First off, your first sentence isn’t english, I have no idea how to decipher that. Second, they are paintball guns, but they are loaded with pepper-balls, you’re allowed to sit on your front porch, the police can’t shoot pepper-balls at you for being on your front porch. Funny, very Funny and TRUE!! Or try not burning down the city provoking factions specifically meant to establish order. The title is very misleading, it’s implying they are shooting live rounds but it’s just paintballs. Considering people are burning the city to the ground in “protest” it seems like the best thing for everyone First hand experience Is it reall that are to go inside your house? Plus, they are not even real guns, they are using paintball guns. Immigration and outsourcing of jobs maybe? People Protest ,
Criminals , Thugs and Garbage Loot .
With regards the the SUV They  were surrounded and attacking the police suv  . The SUV than hit them as I would in the same circumstances. People that loot have no money and no job . If they did they would buy it however they are garbage and lack the mental capacity to comprehend paying for something. The people in the above mentioned video.... were on their porches? We must not be watching the same thing on the news. I live there. This is all over the news, people I know that live downtown and whatnot. Source? LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK. These titles and groups, even in politics is also helping contribute to the destruction of this country. Everyone is too focused on whether the other person is left or right, when we should all be centered and aligned... That’s why we should be fighting to lower taxes on the middle class. All we are doing is giving more power to the government and less power to the people. Cops need to learn how to speak like normal people.  Just talk like you would off duty, while your on duty.  Too many times, situations are escalated when the robots and tough guys show up on calls The police are firing first. They're meeting peaceful protesters marching through the streets with tear gas and rubber bullets. Last night in New York they used SUVs to block streets and when protesters marched to the front of the cars, the cops rammed the protesters.

Also, not that there is anything wrong with needing help, but the places that rely the most on government assistance are typically rural, conservative areas, not major cities. When ya act like assholes and loot & burn shit down- that’s the result. Don’t be mad at the national guard or police- be mad at the assholes taking advantage of a situation. 100 percent this. Failed democratic policies  yet they don’t see the problem! It’s so strange how all of these riots and police brutality deaths happen in democratic cities.   I thought they were supposed to be”better”. It hasn’t crept out to the more affluent neighborhoods yet. I’m very worried its coming though.

If it does I’ll be taking my wife and child up to my sisters. Then I’ll come back home to defend whats mine. They aren’t breaking any laws by being on their porch. Are you defending the cops breaking the law? It’s a 2nd amendment issue as in we will protect ourselves from terrors domestic and foreign. I’m sorry please don’t be mad at me 😭 Paintballs filled with a chemical agent. Sorry are you defending the cops breaking the law?? You're statement is made up.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Republican/comments/gtqvk5/it_happens_to_every_race/fsdvnfn?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share Wrong. You need to look stuff up before you make it up.

Study proving otherwise: https://www.reddit.com/r/Republican/comments/gtqvk5/it_happens_to_every_race/fsdvnfn?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share At least you’ll get a Netflix special made about you 15 years later. You're incorrect. See this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/Republican/comments/gtqvk5/it_happens_to_every_race/fsdvnfn?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share You do know that posts don’t just magically appear, right? Someone would have to have seen it and then posted it. This post was submitted by the person who filmed it meaning that at the time they were the only one with the video which is why it appeared here first. The entire MN police force seems to need retraining... Where was this? I’m okay with the National Guard showing up to try and stop the riots that are hurting and killing people, but this is a step too far, imo. "That's not how you prove your point"

This gem of advice is brought to you by /u/Slowporque, who believes that correlates and confounding factors only apply to your points, not his.

Next time on Reddit, /u/Slowporque posts a study on fatherless households while missing the point. CNN has been inciting a riot for years with their rhetoric. It finally happened. And how American is that? We were worried about Dems taking our guns when the police decided they can simply shoot us for having them. And maybe like thousands of the blacks violently protesting in Minneapolis and other cities too? Your right, we should look at more videos. In fact, we should do better and go straight into police records, collect reports of use-of-force, categorize them by race, and calculate the p-value of the null hypothesis that the difference in rates is purely by chance...

Oh wait, that's the study I just posted. Did you only read the first two sentences of the post? How does that lessen the cause of the protests? How would you shooting back have helped this situation? That doesn't make it okay, fool. Trying to open your business to make revenue is completely different than lighting your community on fire and breaking into stores and stealing whatever you can get your hands on. Peaceful protests are absolutely wonderful and I completely agree with their message about police brutality and racism. I do not agree with looting, rioting and destroying your community. Can’t we just drop the whole republican/Democrats thing? Don’t get me wrong I know exactly what your saying but we are stuck in this loop of he said she said when the entire country is falling apart around us. I don’t believe in being this divided, that’s not how this country was made. 



https://pcmustdie.com/floyd-rioters-beat-mace-and-rob-a-disabled-woman-in-mobility-scooter-at-target/


https://pjmedia.com/news-and-politics/victoria-taft/2020/05/27/rioters-are-so-angry-about-police-killing-that-they-stole-baby-clothes-and-air-fryers-from-nearby-target-n436334



https://imgur.com/a/wktAZi2


https://imgur.com/a/zjtomOc

https://imgur.com/a/pXiRrlN


https://imgur.com/a/46eTwvR


https://imgur.com/a/BuCqVjp


Damn those white supremacists... they even use camouflage, apparently. source I'm pro-gun and believe in keeping the government in check, however, you defending your home with a gun when this parade comes to town will get your family killt. Kinda wish the far right would just stick to their own party and stop piggy-backing on the Republicans. And maybe Nazis and white nationalists too? The Horn of Africa! No one is saying that this ONLY happens to black people, they are upset that it DISPROPORTIONATELY happens to black people. The peaceful protests (not the violent ones) are against police brutality that is hurting the black community. The white man's death was a tragedy... But what does that have to do with this situation? From the article it doesn’t seem so, the cops thought he was asleep and made jokes about him needing to wake up for school. I honestly hope it was though because that means there’s another person out there this happened to. Given what happened here I wanted to clear up what is happening in Minneapolis. What happened last night was that the rioters were going into porches and pretending to live in some of the houses. This doesn’t excuse the behavior but I’m just explaining WHY they ordered her to get inside. 

The media also will not talk about the fact that police officers in Minneapolis were getting shot at and Molotov cocktails were being thrown. I get your point, but we have to have a line.  We can't allow huge media outlets to skew the facts.  If CNN wanted to, they could push the flat Earth agenda and even more people would believe them.  We have to do something about the media.  I don't know what that is, but reporting over the last 8 years has been destroyed.  It's all partially true columns with lies as the headlines to get clicks.  People read the headlines, share the stories on social media, and now we have this new generation of young kids thinking white people are suppressing black people.  

If I had it my way, social media and phones would be gone before anything else in this world.  Imagine if they had social media during ww2.  We may never have dropped the atom bomb, people from home would be criticizing Truman. There is no Success, their were a lot of calls by Germans to kick him out of Germany for his insulting behaviour The cops had no legal authority to tell them to go inside. The curfew on that area said you could be out on your property. Over their entire lifetime, yes, because they have more encounters with the police. But any single encounter is more deadly for whites than blacks.  1 in 25,000 for blacks vs 1 in 20,000 for whites. All of them? Wow you have quite the social group. 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9580 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8486 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7098 nices**

**...**

**249191.** `u/SeamusMcMagnus` at **1 nice**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Nice Go on and try the solidarity approach folks.

https://streamable.com/k75yrc

Just dont cry when they beat you over a MAGA hat "ally" I agree.  

You will not see this on other forms as they are all focusing on how to divide the country.  

I am proud of r/republican and r/libertarian in that they are trying to show this is an American issue.  

We should be looking at how to address the issues and not fighting with each other. If you’re not an authright then why are you defending people being told off for standing on their own property which is literally allowed in the curfew laws? What kind of republican runs out of ammo? I think there is a difference between advocating for this and just staying safe. You being on your porch when they are telling you to go inside isn’t going to end well, even if them telling you to go inside is completely ridiculous. Try to Do something about it after though, because you standing outside isn’t going to shit at that moment. Go on and try the solidarity approach.

https://streamable.com/k75yrc

Just dont cry when they beat you over a MAGA hat Why can’t I stand outside my own property? Who am I endangering?

“Light em up!”, for standing calmly my own property is not what Freedom is about. So much for small government huh. This is not funny.  Lawlessness should be condemned regardless of how feel about the victim. This is not a movement about black lives mattering more. 

Black lives matter *enough* to address the lethal culture creeping through law enforcement unchecked. 

There are a few bad cops that abuse their power and are acting as judge,jury,and executioner. They have multiple accounts of inappropriate interactions with the citizens they are sworn to protect. There are many officers who are aware of this, witness it and instead of fighting to end it they stand by their brother in blue to protect him in solidarity.  

I don’t agree with looting and burning and violence. But I completely agree with the protests and the messaging. 

There are good cops but they failed to reform a system that is killing people. There are around a million cops in America. Large numbers plus time will give you crazy things if your looking for crazy things. There is no point in rioting over something that is bound to happen every once in a while despite the efforts of good people. So what do you do when you run out of ammo after shooting back at the popo? This is when logic just crushes your entire argument To be fair it shouldn’t be the governments right to tell you when you should be inside your own property. They also have absolutely zero right to shoot even if it is non lethal, on someone who has done nothing and is on their property. I don’t mind sending out police to protect the city from rioters, but when you have a government policing rights away I have a problem 2A is about an oppressive or tyrannical government, that doesn’t mean guns are needed. These cops are oppressing the public despite them using paintballs. You do realize they were just shooting fucken paint right Let's be hornest: they would shoot you dead and call you a terrorist if you did that

They don't care about rights and they don't care about the law, all they want is to show how they can do what they want and you can't stop them What were they doing? Standing on their porch filming? I thought republicans would stand up for their freedoms (because I’m republican and this is not okay). I don’t know if you’re just a major bootlicker or one of those republicans that flip flops views when it’s convenient so he never has to criticize a person or group he supports. Democrats know this is true: All the good rioting and looting and mayhem is being committed by fine black Democrats driven amok due to madness and murder and arson by the very idea of law and order in their crime crippled community. 

All the bad rioting and looting is done by Republican taxpayers who drive in to do the jobs indolent Democrats can't or won't do. Fuck off bootlicker Cops shooting people on their own property.  Fuck off bootlicker. if only it were a single video.... Police brutality is a real thing, because humans are humans, it’s not always a race thing. The real problem is the politicians and media who want every incident to be about race. What happens to these cities of the police force closes, hint..l just watch the rioters....err I mean peaceful protesters. When a far left liberal snowflake runs a city. And Biden has his staffers bailing out protestors as he basement-promises when he’s in office (that ain’t happening) he will delegitimize law enforcement in the USA. When have we lived in stranger times. This wiped COVID out of the headlines but now more cases will sprout. I would shoot them with my scout, would tale at least 2 withe then if they entered my house no problem I have my 12 gauge Yes but cops being violent against black people for their color is very rare. Yes but cops being violent against white people for their color is very rare. That mobilize and bring awareness for this guy the same way people are doing it for the black guy. This isn't a black vs white issues so dont make it one. This is society vs police brutality. The 2nd amendments purpose is literally for this situation I find it very telling that this is posted on r/republican and also reposted from r/libertarian Black men are 2.5 times more likely to be killed by police 

https://www.pnas.org/content/116/34/16793 Why do you say? Look at the statistics. White people are killed by police way more than black people. Black people kill each other and white people way more than white people. You have an agenda. Why do you say? You fan the flames, you get burned. Karma is a bitch. Cognitive dissonance Thank you for your realization!

What do you think?

I like how you worded your comment 💯💡🔥 💯💡🔥 Cognitive dissonance

"My party is in control so whatever they do is okay"
"Take my freedoms" 💯💡🔥 Cognitive dissonance Most republicans are pussies. The amount of bootlicking I’ve seen on right leaning reddit over the past couple of days is just disappointing. Aren’t we supposed to be the side that favors protection of freedom and limited government? How are so many of the people here defending police attacking people for standing on their own damn porch? After all the shit police did during lockdowns and during these riots, I don’t get how any republican can still be pro-cop and believe that they’re “on our side.”

You ever wondered why GOP politicians are such spineless little worms? Well, look at who is voting them in. Shit like this makes me ashamed of being a republican. I guess the government has decided the white neighborhoods need to get on board with the coming summer of rage. One side would be considered patriots, the other? Thugs. Animals. That's because the whole establishment doesn't pay these rioters to riot. Let the white Liberals be the indoctrinated anarchist they want to be. That's how you create a toxic cocktail you're seeing now on the streets and on social media. /r/conservative is full of bootlicking red hats. Is this what you mean

Criminal Victimization, 2018

https://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cv18.pdf

According to Bureau of justice study, there were 593,598 interracial violent victimizations (excluding homicide) between blacks and whites last year, including white-on-black and black-on-white attacks. Blacks committed 537,204 (90%) of those interracial felonies, and whites committed 56,394 of them. The police are the reason they're rioting. Thanks Soros There are more guns in this nation than we know what to do with.  I want to agree with you, but the problem isn’t about hoping to keep the government in line, it’s about having the courage to stand up to your oppressors. Nope. So, start a riot. Do you guys remember when we rioted in the streets after Tony Timpa’s death? Yeah, neither do I. So weird. This is a disgusting thing to defend. The government is literally shooting innocent people who are following the law on their own property in this video. This is big government at it's biggest. The kind of thing us Republicans should be up in arms over. It is incredibly hypocritical for us to preach small government "don't tread on me" while being okay with this. 

Those willing to give up freedom for safety deserve neither. Go ahead and check my post history if you suspect I'm a liberal concern troll. I'm absolutely not. My fellow Republicans are disappointing me hard right now. Could someone tell me why this was quickly posted here but it took a while for it to appear on r/Conservative and it seems to be quite controversial there? Do these subs not have the same demographic? What the fuck is going on in this sub? They’re standing on their porch filming, what’s the threat here? You’re seriously advocating this? But if you got rid of all the guns then no one could shoot at you on your own porch.just saying this article seems a little flawed in how it sounds Nah.

I aint gonna fight for liberals and commies, who have done nothing but try to get my life destroyed for wrongthink and standing up to the goverment during the lockdown. 

Salivating, as private businesses get burned down and individuals get their livelihoods destoryed.

Fight your own battles, let the grabbers call the police, like they advice others to do.

They voted their rights away, so il let them demostrate to me how progressive they are, now that those progressive values are burning the cities. But demanding someone who’s CLEARLY not a threat to go inside their homes and then shooting at them with non lethals? I’m on r/republican, right? I argue I am correct. Ultimately if the order was lawful or unlawful is up to a judge to decide. If the curfew had stated that porches/gardens/front yards also fall within public spaces, then it could be argued that the order was lawful. But the city government has explicitly clarified that private porches, gardens, yards are not included. The order could have been lawful if there was some other circumstance that would warant it, let's say there was a wild dog loose that had been biting folks, or a truck carrying dangerous chemicals had crashed and people needed to stay inside for safety reasons. But unless the officer has such a circumstance, the order is unlawful. We can now deduce that cops have no regard for human life you are incorrect.  Thoughtful, but incorrect.  Any police order in furtherance of police safety is a lawful order. they are not legally allowed to disobey a police order Privatize law enforcement along with everything else. Obviously, but they’re protesting the murder of a man because he is black, not because he was simply an innocent man. These protests and riots wouldn’t be happening if he was a white guy. In fact if he were white, you and I likely wouldn’t even know it happened let alone his name. Yeah, literally none of that crap about police brutality and black on black violence is true.

 When one race had been oppressed for hundreds of years with no end in us white people don't really get to say shit about it. Yeah I'm slightly surprised to see people on the right demonizing the cops. I'm no fan of authoritarianism, but it's literally the cops, and the national guard keeping that city from descending into pure chaos. (not to say they've done the best job) If the cops aren't marching on the street, it's only a matter of time before the antifa lunatics come to burn your house down. Closely someone heavy been paint attention Because black people are racist. Prove me wrong Percentage wise it still holds true. Bruh its a middle aged white lady filming a humvee drive down the street

Real dangerous criminal Not true "Since the social victim has been oppressed by society, he comes to feel that his individual life will be improved more by changes in society than his own initiative. Without realizing it, he makes society rather than himself the agent of change. The power he finds in his victimization may lead him to collective action against society, but it also encourages passivity within the sphere of his personal life." - Shelby Steele I'm from a rather conservative town and my area must be different than those you are talking about 

Nobody is happy with this, and you can feel the tension in the air. Nobody knows what will happen if it spills over to here. 

There are just to many drunk rednecks who would shit their pants if they were shot at standing on their own land. I don't know, everyone is claiming out of state people. And yet a lot of them are being recognized by neighors. No that's liberal communist socialism The orders given by the officers were not lawful.

The curfew is for all public accessible property.

> -6. For the purpose of this emergency regulation, "public place" means any, wether privately or publicaly owned property, accessible to the general public, including but not limited to public streets and roads, alleys, highways, driveways, sidewalks, parks, vacant lots and unsupervised property.

If this woman is on her porch, terrasse, garden, private property, then she is supervising her property and is obiding to the curfew.

http://minneapolismn.gov/www/groups/public/@mpd/documents/webcontent/wcmsp-224728.pdf

If the officer thought that the order was lawful, then the officer should have arrested the citizen for not complying with the order he or she thought lawful, and a judge could decide at a later date if the order was lawful or not. The officer should not have shot at the citizen.

There is a clear devision of executive, legislation and judiciary branch of government. This action was all three combined into one person and thus was unlawful and went against the Constitution. While on their private property they can do as they please. There was that lady a few years back that was arrested while on her lawn. She was recording a cop arrest a person and the police arrested her for that. The judge sided with her and it has legal precedent that if you aren't breaking any laws, you can do just about anything on your own property. In this case, curfew doesn't mean indoors it means on your property. Unless that is different per state. I am exhausted and just realized that it may be state by state and mine is different than theirs. So ? 
Did you know that more elderly people have been assaulted in their lifetime than a grade school kid ? When a population is much larger than the other, yeah there will be more flat number of victims. An attack on one group of citizens is an attack on all of us. It doesn’t matter who is suffering unjustly. If there is unjust suffering then it needs to be taken care of. We had wars about this, people ! 

Don’t let anyone divide us ! Don’t even say that. The right shit all over Kaepernick and he peacefully protested by kneeling during the anthem. Trump publicly shamed him for that. Peaceful or not, there’s always going to be people upset at marginalized groups taking a stand. XDDDDDDD You’re getting downvoted for speaking the truth. People are gonna say that “well not serving cake is different than creating a media bias.” It’s not. At all. If you go into a store and see a group of people being segregated and treated as less than another group (e.g not being allowed to buy a cake), you will absolutely begin to form a bias toward that group, the same way you will form a bias if you only see one side of the story on Twitter. “Its the law obey it.” I saw so many posts on this sub during quarantine praising small business owners who “opened against court orders” because it was “American” and “the free thing to do.” So many people here were saying how brave they were for breaking the law, now you’re out here saying the exact opposite because you disagree with these people’s decisions. Just take a step back for a second. So my question is, what happened to these police? Did any of them get investigated? Are they being brought up on charges? How often do these sorts of things happen and it doesn't get reported? Why was that elderly Indian man killed and there was barely a peep- are Indians no longer "brown" people? Why didn't the media report the FBI was investigating from the instant it came out? Could it be the media has a narrative they want us to follow, and we're all falling for it? Those hashtags that have 20 names, why have I only heard of maybe 5? Why is this story over a year old and I'm only learning of it now, when the same exact thing happened to someone else?  Maybe it isn't a race thing. Maybe its a media playing the public thing. Jesus retard, who cares about your shit English? You types two whole parahs only about your English and evidence for your shit English. 

No, I’m more interested in your cute national guards. Please, tell me more about their silly tantrum. That's not how your prove your point. There were countless studies done on the matter of fatherless homes. This one is enough to destroy any community. It’s cool bro I think we all can agree our Country is in a complete mess right now and needs to see some changes. I would say that your train of logic is... bumpy at best No ones saying cops are exclusively why blacks are oppressed these day, no ones pushing it specifically onto a certain group to blame.  But the fact is that police brutality against African Americans is 100% ONE of the many ways they are still oppressed today. Racism in itself is part of the oppression.  There might not be an elaborate system from the government pushing this but you bet your ass there's racists at every corner of the country, including our government, and they will push and find ways to further oppress minorities and blacks in any way they can, often under the guise of "standard procedures". Stop and frisk is the main thing that comes to mind, not overtly racist, but it is mainly used to target blacks. I'm just heated over the whole situation our country is suffering through, not you my man I'm sorry if I came off that way. Ohhh someone’s getting angry! How about instead of trying to falsely represent what I said, you actually try to refute it? Oh wait, you seem to be literally incapable of doing so.

You said that I boasted about my English (which is wrong, I didn’t say my English was better or even good), when in fact I simply said yours was shit. Please mate, make a decent argument for me to me to refute or disprove. Literally just one would be nice. And I said your English is shit so you can’t possibly comment on someone’s English. You you this thick in the head all the time or is it drugs? 

Guy, what BS are you spewing about evidence and reason? Go tell someone else how national guards are sweet teenagers retard. Bro I don’t even know who gamersriseup is. I as a black person disagree with the notion we are being systemically oppressed. We were systematically oppressed and that lead to our poverty, but that doesn’t excuse us tryna lead the responsibility onto a different group. In the U.S these days pretty much most cases of racism have been anecdotal rather than a elaborate system from the government. Calm down it feels like you got kinda heated. I have no intentions to cause anybody to stress over my opinions. Private property, you bootlicker. How am I European yet more American than you are? Let’s go Black community, to be precise, black women invited government into their lives. They threw black men under the bus, destroyed pretty stable, hardworking black family and now US have this. It's all started with "War on poverty". Right now black community is doing a fine job of oppressing themselves. Just look at rioters destroying property of their fellow black men. Despicable. Oh my lord, I never once boasted about my English, I said yours is shit. 

Please don’t project your feelings of inadequacy or liberal hate on to me my dude and please try to defend your comment on me being brainwashed. Unless you literally have no evidence or reason behind saying it... Facts matter. Facts first.

Hold tightly to those principles and don't let anyone talk you out of it.

If you are resolute on the importance of truth, you then push on others around you to hold themselves to the same standard.

Be stubborn. Be strong. Never said that. Obviously you're an insecure racist. Go fuck yourself Yes American *slang*. So, you type pretty shit English while boasting about your English. What does me understanding your slang gave to do with your shit English? See? Complexity isn’t your forte, best start reading books.  

Let me tell you, you are not. You are stupid.  I assure you guy. Your liberal hate has blinded you. Yeah and we also have to look at how blacks are disproportionately fucked into poverty and systemically oppressed.  Poverty = Crime and of course they're going to have a higher crime statistic when they have been systematically oppressed for hundreds of years, by a racist system built on making sure it's harder for them to succeed. You sound like you used to visit gamersriseup a little bit too much. I mean we also gotta look at the violent crime rate of black Americans My english has American and text slang in it, but you still seem to understand it perfectly lmao

“Grow a brain” Are you in middle school my guy? I am clearly capable of understanding ideas and intents, but you still don’t seem to understand that I’m calling those national guard member immature. How is that in any way calling them cute?

Also I noticed you didn’t defend your comment about me being brainwashed. Thank you for showing me how weak your arguments are <3 I don’t normally attack someone’s intelligence when I’m having a civil discussion and I’m not about to start. I’ll give you some time to do a little more research on the subject and then we can talk. ;-) The shooter was a mpls copper, not a NG. really? i thought this was the one where the officer said “fuck, i hope i didn’t kill him” Lol! Says the guy with shit English himself, complexity seems to go over your head. Is this this a case of you thinking English is an American invention? 

How about you grow a brain that understands how serious ideas/intent must be taken? You can’t, so continue with more national guards are cute statements ya loony. it’s usually justified, but if we can stop a lot of unjustified ones, that would be good Reeee everyone is gonna die because of the protesters! I don’t normally attack someone’s intelligence when I’m having a civil discussion and I’m not about to start right now. In the USA, a person’s home and their private property are not by any means subject to tyranny by the fourth amendment. I see.

So you don't believe it's a problem when white people get killed.

Go fuck yourself, then Wife was up late with me last night/this morning, talking about this very thing.

White people are expected to die and be forgotten.
That's why these things come and go.

Until we start doing the same shit, burning down news stations for printing bullshit lies, they won't respect us and this will keep happening.

That, or just have a lot of kids, vote responsibly, and pray every day for a miracle. You're getting downvoted by people who don't want to admit you're correct.

You're horribly correct.

That's what scares these people. 1. How about you slow down and make sure you’re properly put your English sentence, it shouldn’t be that difficult if you’re so good with languages

2. How am I in any way a brainwashed nut job? I’d really like for you to explain that to me and not just skip over it. Really defend this point bruh.

3. I never said it was a mental health issue lol I said his maturity level is that of a teenagers, because he’s chucking paint pellets at random people. White people are more likely to be the victim of police brutality, tho.

And on a similar topic, Black people kill more black people than white people kill both.

So if it's purely about police racism and abuse, maybe there's a disparity worthy of looking into.
But that's besides the point, and white people still get a say about it without being told their opinion doesn't matter. They were yelling “Get inside.” That wasn’t inside. I expect the national guard to understand that residents are legally allowed to be on their own porches during curfew. yes yes cause the military is supposed enforce laws or enact a state of emergency to keep people under such house arrests out of fear of their power. Oh no wait. That’s the police that does that... the military protects threats from outside the borders If thinking about it that way makes you support the cause then be my guest Is it not an everybody issue? To be fair cause of death was cardiac arrest brought on by cocaine and the stress of the altercation. Cops need to be retrained. The residents are legally allowed to be on their own porches during a curfew.

This is disgusting. You’ll discover very quickly the difference between the police and military. Except nobody riots when a white man dies.

So nothing will change. Lol this is reddit Wordsworth. I also speak 4 other languages and the chances of you doing the same seem slim. 

You’re the right winger the left quotes when portraying all conservatives as brainwashed nut jobs who don’t read. 

That’s cute, please, tell me more about your deep understanding of the little national guard guy’s mental health and how it’s just him throwing a tantrum. the problem with having the benchmark of the stat being population is that it assumes that there is equal encounters with police among all races.

https://www.pnas.org/content/116/32/15877

This study's benchmark was encounters with police. it found no anti-black disparity in police shootings.

here's more on the study: 

https://msutoday.msu.edu/news/2019/the-truth-behind-racial-disparities-in-fatal-police-shootings/ I bet people will be 100 times  happier to see these cops than a group of rioters burning down homes and property. Nothing new. So what about the tens of thousands of innocent people murdered annually due to gang violence? That's ok right? That doesn't deserve any reaction or critical attention? More people lose their life prematurely due to gang violence than police brutality could ever touch. And this has been a trend for decades. 

I know people will want a source so this is statistical value for one location in one year. Long story short. 700+ murdered, 4k shootings and this is from just one location in one year. This isn't taking into account for the injuried due to gang related shootings. So just imagine if you start adding up all death due to gang related shootings around the United States, the numbers would astronomical in comparison to police brutality deaths. I'm not advocating for what this cop did but this info starts to shed a little light into the underlining issues and how this is mostly ignored.

https://www.chicagotribune.com/news/breaking/ct-chicago-homicides-data-tracker-htmlstory.html

Downvote all you like, but this is the reality of gang violence. “Because all some have know to deal with”, that’s proper English?

Oh lord, not trying to persuade, personally attacking and taking analogies literally. You seem to be what the left likes to paint right wingers as.

Do you know understand that the phrase “adult teenagers” means immature adults? That I’m referring to these members of the national guard particularly (it’s inferred, but c’mon it’s not hard to understand)? I’m absolutely not going to persuade someone who thinks the national guard is a bunch of teenagers so it’s cool. 

It’s called English, I recommend you read a book but go off sis. I’m here only for your national-guard-is-cute comebacks. Ah, turning to personal attacks, very persuasive.

Your first paragraph is virtually Incomprehensible and you’re taking my calling these immature and poorly trained national guard member teenagers shows me how useless it is explaining it to you would be. All my right wing subs I follow seem to refuse to admit this is a problem, just want to minimize the racial issue into a everybody issue. It’s a terrible example to some because all some have know how to deal with any sentence with 2A is turn on defense mode and scream rights rights rights even if people agree with them. 

The national guard patrolling the suburbs and bullying residents into not even standing outside their doors? That’s your definition of teenagers?  You’re insane so this conversation is useless. That’s a terrible example, The gravity of each situation is completely incomparable. 2A infringement is far worse than grown teenagers lobbing painful paint pellets at people. Only in this case there were no riots. No reportage. No looting. No protests. No nothing. Why? Because he was white. I am sick and fuckin tired of the Caucasian race being trampled on or fought against or ignored. If we’re all to coexist peacefully together then all lives matter, not just black. Or brown. Or whatever color you are. Fuck. 2A is an example, it’s to demonstrate the gravity of the situation. It isn’t complicated. This isn’t a 2A issue, what don’t you understand about that my guy? They’re not in anyway limiting people’s abilities to own a firearm, they’re shooting them with paint on their property, which is a whole different issue lol This is in the same vein as treating proposed bills to censor speech. “We know the party will never agree, so no big deal”. The principal should scare you, but obviously it’s more satisfying to watch liberal meltdowns. What’s more scary AF is how acutely polarized this country is to the extent that the right isn’t even outraged because the protests are liberal driven. That’s a rot in the core of country. 1. It’s not lethal and clearly they know it, so it doesn’t warrant the use of a firearm.
2. They’re not preventing anyone from using, owning or brandishing their guns lmao. 

Don’t get me wrong, this is fucked up, but this doesn’t have anything to do with our 2A right lol Just look at this [case](https://www.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/gtksgq/cop_decides_to_shoot_at_protestor_who_hurt_his/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) do you unironically think black people aren't more likely to be the subject of police brutality or are you baiting? What? What does it matter if it’s paintball guns? This should arguably be treated with more outrage than shown towards 2A infringement! Its not just black people protesting. I really hope people see that. I am neither fully blue nor red and this shit is SCARY AF. infuriating and eye opening to say the least. every now and again we need such reminders of how shitty the policing institutions can get before we’re made to believe everything’s under control The problem is far bigger than just race. Race is the excuse many of these dirtbags use to hide their culpability.

Remind me again, what party has run Dallas for decades? Have you seen the number of times police have randomly instigated violence during the protests? Adios freedom. Martial law, went through it in LA in 92.

Saw it coming. Riots not protests It’s how they are doing this. They look untrained. Lack of training and lowered standards is what cost the first life. That kinda of thinking is just so insane to me. Like how can you even rationalize such a statement in your brain??? I think fueling both / either groups created tension, which is exactly how you push a competing nation into chaos Oh....he didn’t think that was going to happen?!? Expect whites down burn down entire cities when it happens Libs trying to blame WPs in an attempt to stop blacks from rioting and looting without criticising them is peak retard. The porch is part of my home as far as I’m concerned isn’t it *Chef's kiss* I've read that when that's accounted for it's still much higher than whites. What one race are you suggesting it happens more to, and show your proof because   I think people will be surprised.

It doesn't matter to me, it's all bad. I bet they do Was this done because they weren't obeying curfew? A curfew imposed because were being criminals. The officer said "Stay in your home". Nah.. let’s just point out that it happens ... so everyone go back, nothing to see here It's a curfew, what do u expect, an invitation? All over bully and shutting down barbers and restaraunts. But the riots start and no one is around. Wow and no riots, no candle-light vigils really makes me think  Given I have many family members that are currently working to protect NYC, I am disgraced and outright insulted by someone who works for the DA and thinks these actions taken toward cops is deserved. Please don't let actions like this continue. I search Minneapolis target looting on Youtube. Have fun playing Where's Whitey?

> That's a sports riot, that's different. Could their city's flames been seen from another Provence at night?

Yea, it's worse if anything because it's over a stupid game instead of an utterly broken justice system and years and years of public murders. What the fuck kind of point are you even trying to make? 

I don't approve rioting or anything. But the racist right (specific subset of right, not all of it) really needs to stop pretending people are a certain way because of their race and their race alone. It's a joke. I feel it’s pretty self explanatory. I recommend using google if you truly don’t understand it. Absolutely! It’s just not America when I’m being shot at for being outside MY OWN house is it? My blood pressure is at unhealthy levels watching these riots. Of course they are being tear gassed- they are looting and ruining their cities. You can’t do that (regardless of your skin color, gender, race, religion, etc) and get away with it. It’s the law- OBEY IT! Holy shit. when more people own guns, the police won’t be so full of power and so free shooting at innocent people’s’ homes. I won’t shoot a police officer until someone powerless is being killed in front of me Because they are. They’ve completely created these riots happening all over and then say the right is the problem 😡 No. I'm focusing on someone else who thinks that only black people are capable of rioting when you can find plenty of examples to refute that kind of view. Conservatives (a lot of them anyway) LOVE to find reasons to label black people as...evil, thugs, criminals, etc. and will be utterly silent when they see white people doing the same shit. So, yea, I'm definitely talking about confirmation bias. what are you going to do with your guns? shoot police officers? go to jail for life for killing a cop? >I watched a video

What video?

>Here's another cool video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf5llrEjnok.

That's a sports riot, that's different. Could their city's flames been seen from another Provence at night?  Follow police orders you fucking idiots. What do you think is going to happen when you disobey orders from a group of terrified, riled up police members. They’re using paintball guns, just an fyi. It’s shitty and they shouldn’t be doing that, but it most certainly doesn’t justify shooting them I watched a video and counted more than 5 within about 10 seconds. I don't think that it wasn't a majority black people. I just don't think that people in this day and age ought to be judging an ENTIRE RACE based off actions in extreme and complex situations. Here's another cool video:   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf5llrEjnok](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf5llrEjnok). How many black people you see? People on the right in the U.S. LOVE for a reason to label all black people as evil but will ignore that evidence that clearly shows rioting and other shit people do isn't based on their genes. You mentioned 2A. Explain the relationdship to 2A. Can you message me back ?? Well, that's a reasonable opinion.  I do disagree with it just based on my experience.  In MN, there two elements to murder in the third degree.  You have to commit an act that could cause death.  You have to act in such a way that shows a disregard for human life, what they call a "depraved mind."  So, in MN, the cop's actions do meet every aspect of murder 3.  There is no intent requirement for murder 3.

In MN, a manslaughter charge has many ways it can be charged, but the only one relevant to this particular incident is what they call culpable negligence, which is basically just acting in a way that you know could cause death but doing it anyway.

I think the reverse of you.  I think the manslaughter charge is less applicable.  The reason is because the suspect is on recording saying he can't breathe, and the officer is on the same video applying his knee to the detainee's neck and ignoring those pleas.  That more than meets the "depraved mind" requirement.  And the cop has a history of misconduct and complaints, so it's not going to be a hard case for prosecutors to make that he knowingly acted with disregard to Floyd's life or well being. Exactly They do it based on percents so total people doesn't matter Bro your on a social media I think this is more then likely because the population of white people in the US is obviously far higher then that of blacks, I could be wrong but from what I’ve seen, studies that take into account the population difference come to the conclusion that the chance of being killed by the police is more or less equal between whites and blacks. Im saying what I think is right. You will find in court he will only get guilty on the manslaughter charge. Which i feel is right. No.  Both.  He's being charged with murder in the third degree **and** manslaughter.  Please read up on the case before pontificating, otherwise it's impossible to have a meaningful discussion. And you are focusing on the rare white person unrightfully killed by cops in a sea of blacks being unrightfully killed by cops. Manslaughter not murder thank you Ouch, this guy just realized he’s as important as a flair on a subreddit Thank uu, can u send me links of evidence I can use in future debates Watch the videos of the looters at Target. Tell me if you find more white people in there than can be counted on one hand.

I don't like it, but I don't get to decide what reality is. You're full of shit.  You want to apply a bunch of information that is in no way relevant to the case.  Everything you need to know to substantiate a murder 3 charge against the officer is publicly available.  Nothing else is relevant that would invalidate the charge. You're statistically more likely to be killed by a cop if you're white than if you're black. This whole "it's open season on blacks for cops" is such bullshit and it's blatantly obvious I know right. They remind me of a cult Yes, that makes total sense, and if you question it, you're a RaCiSt. Yeah, happens to every race. One particular one more than most. Also are you trying to justify this by saying it happens to every race? Or are you saying that because it's such a problem now is the time to work together to fight against it? So I guess social distancing is off then, no? You are focusing on the few white faces in the sea of black faces rioting and talking about confirmation bias. Really? Do you know what that term means? Almost as if the satire flair was there for a reason We the People. Rule of Law.
Exactly People not animals and that’s what  rioters are . 2A doesn't contradict my point.

We the People. Rule of Law. Arrests probably show a different story because cops are primarily ignoring arresting protesters who aren't African Americans. Source for those who care about such things: extensive documentation from firsthand witnesses including testimony, video and audio evidence from the last few days, and extensively researched and documented institutional racism present in our justice system. Wow that’s a lot of black white supremacists Hopefully those millions are all of the protesters that aren't following social distancing guidelines. Yeah, Americans know. No ones falling for this nonsense. Its 2020.

&#x200B;

Looks like Novembers going to be a breeze. You nailed it buddy! Nonsense. You do not know all the facts, you do not know all the circumstances, you may not the violent background to Floyd either, or his term spent in a Texas prison. All of this is for an official investigative team to go through. Not you, not the BLM hate groups and not for me either. We do know the whole lead up.  We know literally every step of the incident from the initial report of the suspect passing a counterfeit bill to the initial arrest in which there was no physical resistance to the pushing of the already detained suspect on the ground and the wrongful application of force to a handcuffed detainee to the ignoring of the suspects cries for air.  We know literally everything we need to know to substantiate a murder 3 charge, and that's precisely what the officer got charged wtih.

I'm pretty shocked by your comment.  If you don't know something, it's because you didn't put forth the effort to look into the details, not because those details aren't available. There is no he here asshole The  Second Amendment to the United States Constitution protects the individual right to keep and bear arms. 
I guess you didn’t read that part . Yeah, it's run and staffed by liberals who live in million dollar home, take plush private buses to work and step over homeless people to get in their offices that are filled with foozball, free food, and tons of other perks all of whom think they live in a horrid, totalitarian society so it's their job to protect the country from a reality that doesn't exist. There is no competitor to twitter in terms of a platform for political commentary Ok so let's do something about cops killing our citizens of all races. Have you not seen the many pictures of white rioters? Cool confirmation bias Are... are talking Canada here? John, could you please have a seat over here? Probably forgot to show up to vote for Biden in the primary But which ones burn down cities every election year? That makes total sense . But than people like you won’t get that welfare check and the food you depend on at the end of the month well they  ? O wait never mind you will just steal it . Than when the garbage rioters are shot you will say  its police brutality . What a joke . I would normally just agree with that statement however now thinking about it they limit and set legal parameters for a lot of goods and services that can be provided to a populace and purchased. Usually they have more of a say when there is a danger or a threat to the stability, health of security of a population.

If Twitter is promoting or censoring some information and not other information, harmful biases to a society can be formed. So it’s either all free and open, or it shouldn’t be for anyone. Your right, we should be burning cops and government buildings instead of innocent businesses. This movement has been tainted with commies This is why I love Babylonbee Not all speech is covered by the first amendment, ask Kevin Trudeau about what happens when you continually make false claims regarding the efficacy of questionable medical practices. There is absolutely some speech that has no redeemable value to society, the government already regulates it. It’s not a war against race it’s a war against criminals.
There is a huge difference. We do know the lead up. He did not resist arrest. He begged for his life. He was mercilessly choked to death. Though a jury may have to be unbiased and believe in innocent until proven guilty, we as citizens have ample, and I mean AMPLE evidence to condemn that cop. I don’t know if George Floyd was innocent of what he was originally accused of (I think it was counterfeiting?) but he did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to justify his murder. So don’t go and act all just and fair by denying this.  
  
I get wanting to condemn the protestors and I get wanting to support our police who are actually good people. But denying the crime that got us to this place will not help. It’s just as easy to say what happened was an absolute tragedy but still doesn’t justify this (basically completely unrelated) violent nationwide response. Love it Everyday Americans do not feel this way!

When our Founders laid the framework for our nation, they understood that contention would always be present. Our constitutionally-rooted Democratic Republic (the world's first modern democracy!) is designed to allow Americans to solve our differences without extreme violence.

Since you have clearly not read the Constitution of the Unites States of American, allow me to restate the most important and best part for you:

***We the People*** of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.

**Go away, extremist/bot/trouble-maker!!!** White supremacists they are certainly not, but a lot of them are out of state. No one who lives, shops, is employed in Minneapolis is seeking to destroy Minneapolis and all its businesses.  
  
People burning cop cars of their local police is one thing, but the looters are opportunistic. They traveled for this shit. thanks, there have been lots of cops out to protect us and people had to have police escorts out of our “rich white person” mall, just to be sure no one would attack them, but other than that it seems to have stayed in Metro Atlanta So are we going to be having race wars every summer before a presidential election now, like the Olympics, except they don’t get canceled? Not too difficult with trigger happy cops and retarded rednecks who were waiting for a race war It's a very disturbing article. Good police are invaluable, and bad police are dangerous.

But a single video to prove a point about race is misleading. The best study I've seen on the topic is here:

*An Empirical Analysis of Racial Differences in Police Use of Force*

TLDR, there is a higher rate of non-lethal use of force on black Americans. The rate of shootings is about equal for between black and white Americans.

&#x200B;

>On non-lethal uses of force, there are racial differences –sometimes quite large –in police use of force, even after accounting for a large set of controls designed to account for important contextual and behavioral factors at the time of the police-civilian interaction. Interestingly, as use of force increases from putting hands on a civilian to striking them with a baton, the overall probability of such an incident occurring decreases dramatically but the racial difference remains roughly constant. **Even when officers report civilians have been compliant and no arrest was made, blacks are 21.3 (0.04) percent more likely to endure some form of force**. Yet, **on \[officer-involved shootings\] we are unable to detect any racial differences** in either the raw data or when accounting for controls. Yeah no kidding. Wish we had arrived at that conclusion before it became an official policy tool of the state. It’s too easy for liberals to be validated by people with no stake in this country as they shout into the void. Well, that's nice of them. Sharing the love and all.

It just hit the semi major city where I live too. I can't help but think this has more to do with releasing pent up stress and aggression from being locked down and unemployed for 2.5 months. Regardless, this shit is insane.

I think my family is far enough out of harms way though. Hope yours is too. Stay safe. Pigs don’t care what color you are, we are their enemies. Nothing get by you! 😜 Damn, imagine calling 911 asking for help and when they get there they kill you. Poor guy He did! And what’s worse is the officers made fun of him while he laid there unconscious instead of getting him help. If you read the article, it says the 32 year old was dead. Russia did fuel BLM in 2015 with that very purpose.

Russia does funnel money into politically-active US organizations, in part to gain political access in the US. Yes The mayor is subtly insulting the protestors(?) by implying they can be manipulated by instigators. You stop speaking like a true, free market conservative /s

Agree. We should strive to base our claims in facts where possible. But he didnt die did he? Media is an underlying cause of our divisiveness and hate.  Being in everyone’s homes on a nightly basis perpetuating hate, and lies against their opponents has brainwashed the entire country and has led to the situation we are in now. We can do even better.

Let's turn our noses at these biased, half-truth cable news organizations, fringe news sites, and information bubbles.

Let's return to fact-checked news and demand proof of what the news, editorials, and politicians state! 

Make news great again! I want Cronkite! Soros would. Does he know Jeffrey Epstein by any chance? Brb, gotta go look a liquor store over this real quick. So should we start regulating all ideas? All speech? Why stop there? Why not actions? Food? Everything? 

That way the RIGHT things will get done? 

Of course, that’s assuming you’re the one who gets to say what is right and is not. Because if not, you’re fucked. Do you think a country like Russia would funnel money into gangs and other groups to push movements like BLM into being violent in the hopes that it destabilizes the US from within? It also leads to idiocy, see: Anti-Vaxxers Let em all kill each other and let the good stand at the end that’s the way I’m seeing it fuck those people doing this shit over two assholes If protestors didn't only not loot but actively dissuaded looting and distruction the whole situation would be better and more impactful. There would also be less follow up violence towards them. So white supremacists are leading a mob of blacks? Yes I do. Would love to read your essay. And absolutely nobody has the right to say what opinions are worth less and which deserve to be heard 

That way leads to tyranny Great article! It’s not for government to say what is and what is not good for society when it comes to products and services 

If consumers want to use Twitter, it is their choice to do so. Whatever the government thinks doesn’t matter. The New York Times and CNN publish leftist propaganda just like the rest of the main stream media. They even report Chinese propaganda as news. When you act like this, black lives will never matter. None of you are justified with your anarchy, looting and violence. You embarrass your own each and every day. Don’t be so upset friend, we’re all American here :D The left will always go to a boogeyman to shift blame. It doesn't make any logical sense that a white supremacist would embed themselves and be accepted by these movements. When did they become some CIA double agent? Unfortunately Donald is most assuredly done for..... If you guys got drawn in by the bots bringing this sub-reddit out of nowhere along with the 10 other right wing subs on the front page the last month, just read his second paragraph where he's referring to people as animals and do the general gaslight, obstruct, project protocol This is satire Yes, I refute your assertion.  It's illogical and ignorant.  You are responsible for the law.  You elect your representatives.  Police swear to uphold the law.  They are human beings just like you and can only be, at best, as "good" as you and the law you create.  They are as much a product if society as you are.  There's good ones and bad ones.  

I had to learn to reject your logic years ago because I used to believe it about doctors and nurses.  Turns out they are **not** better, smarter, wiser, or more competent than anyone else, and I have the scars to prove it.  

These cops are awful people.  Scum.  But they are still people like anyone else, and they should be held to the same standard as everyone else.  And at least so far, that are being held to that standard since the one is being charged with murder 3 and manslaughter.  The others will likely face their own charges soon.  And that's exactly what needs to happen. “Is that a police SUV over there? Torch it out of respect for George Floyd.” Making sure the stereotypes continue. That’s all these unemployed thugs are doing. I do know what's in their fucked up brains and know they don't care about Floyd because stealing a TV in a completely different city has nothing to do with anything but their own criminal mind.  Get out of here with the hand wringing, and don't make excuses for criminals. Like she has room to talk. Yup Everybody wanted this riot, they just wanted it to burn somebody else's business, somebody else's home. I don't see anywhere on social media where the mass of comments are celebrating the carnage as justified, because George Soros says so.   Minneapolis (and Minnesota in general) is a failed city/state. This is because it is full of leftists, social parasites, communists, Moslem migrants on welfare and expensive race pimps. The mobs of race rioters are all Democrat voters pampered and paid for and enabled by self-loathing, pussy-assed taxpaying Democrat-voting white people who want to bring about a Bolshevik Bernie Sanders-style socialist utopia.

The woman in charge of the catastrophe is Medaria Arradondo. She is the Affirmative Action hire who is the anti-conservative, anti-law and order Democrat hack serving as the 53rd Chief of the Minneapolis Police Department while its out murdering innocent citizens.

The cops involved were all Democrats, as was their entire chain of command.

So, spare me, dear Democrat voter. We know who birthed this problem, and we know we will pay for it, and we know the rioters will be back to burn the place down again as sure as they will vote Democrat again. Werd.. Oh no...
Not the white supreme persons.
Again CNN has been promoting riots for decades and finally their buzzards have come home to roost. You work for widen + Kennedy? I analyzed that ad for my college final essay Right. Everyone's *clawing and chomping at the bit* to vote for Biden. That's totally the case. (let's sweep under the rug that the Dems lost a district in California this year alone, no need to bring that up even though that runs against the narrative). Hehehe...pickled Lemon Read thru some of the posts... one " woman" calling her ungrateful,  all the buildings are replaceable.  
Like they're doing Her a favor by rioting.  Ignorance knows no bounds.  Sad. Oof You have to assume he means molesters right? Like a pedophile could refuse to abuse a child because of their conscience but still watch the porn. 

Or maybe he is just pointing out the obvious, that some people watch it for reasons other sexual gratification,  like law enforcement, unsuspecting people, or people with some kind of morbid curiousity. 

Both of these seem unlikely so I'm gonna get some popcorn and see where this leads ? Don’t look very white to me. More thugs at work. Here you go...just like a leftist to require everything handed to him.

https://www.usatoday.com/story/theoval/2015/04/29/obama-white-house-baltimore-stephanie-rawlings-blake/26585143/ as an update to what i said, people are planning to come into the suburbs to get the “rich white folks” right by where i live I disagree. Peaceful protests have not changed things for POC in our country. They are fed up, tired, and enraged. I can’t blame them one tiny bit. u/nwordcountbot u/Cyrbuzz66 She is without question a frighteningly liberal incompetent dolt. Hush up and go get your toupee done again, Gory Lori. I’ll just give you a hug instead, liars need love too! They actually believe that’s all it takes. How oddly wrong. Someone qualified would be good, not necessarily a vagina for votes. All of this has done in the left. They just cannot get their carnival barkers to behave. Try to learn the difference between constructive and destructive before 2024. **My thoughts on the unrest in America**

Ok. So we had a cop that went allegedly a little over the top. But we don’t know the lead up, we don’t know what else was confronting these officers at the time of the event that may have distracted them from the situation. The fact is we don’t know much. Apart from a man lost his life in custody. Which will be investigated and will be followed through.

What we DO know is that animals are being labelled as protestors. These ‘protestors’ are not, they are animals. They don’t care for George Floyd or his family, they don’t care for justice, they don’t care or respect American values. All they do care is to created division, disharmony, fear, and they will use violence against the innocent, the elderly, the vulnerable. 

They will do all this under the banner of race. They will try and tell you they are the victim, they are the hard done by. When the truth is the polar opposite. They are the perpetrators, they are the aggressors. They are inflaming a situation that not need to get to anything like it has.

I call all Americans to shun these ‘protestors’ and get behind our brave and courageous Minnesota police officers, and all our police officers though out the country, show them your gratitude for what they do. The next 911 call might be yours and you may be relying on their valuable help and support. Which they will give despite the hatred you may be showing to them.

They are our true domestic hero’s. They have my unreserved support and my thoughts and prayers go out tonight to each and every one of them. God Bless America and #BlueLivesMatter

@ParisCummings_ Hey Pelosi, Maxine, Crying Chuck, Biden, how proud are y’all of your voter base now? With Donald Trumps following, if he thinks about it, he could just create a conservative social media platform and the news outlets will naturally advertise it. 

Another option would be to create a government run forum which could not violate the Constiution. You said that you have to incite revolution and that revolution is never peaceful. This justifies violence whether you like it or not. I don't think the military should step in "capping a bunch of angry black citizens". I was saying that a revolution would never be successful because at some point the military would step in and stop it. A revolution is much more significant than what's happening right now. Peaceful protests can display civil unrest. Riots can also display civil unrest. The difference is that peaceful protests don't kill people and destroy businesses. The KKK comparison was simply meant to help demonstrate that using violence to achieve your goals is never a good idea. While I do agree that the situation is much different, the KKK used violence to terrorize the African Americans in order to get their way. Using violence to get your way will put you in league with them, no matter how righteous you believe your cause is. I support peaceful protests and I don't see why you believe they're so ineffective. There has never been a time in history where you could spread a message as easily as now. That is the capitalist way. If users use another platform, they are effectively bringing change by going to the competitor. It solely reliant on how many people change, however. We also forget that Twitter isn't only used in the US. Suck my what? I'm no legal expert, but couldn't Twitter just update their TOS by making a statement similar to the Necessary and Proper Clause? As far as I know, so long as a user uses a private service, they have agreed to a new TOS automatically. Would it not just be easy for Donald to just create a government run website like Reddit or Twitter? The government won't be held liable for what the users would post. He said as he posted on a social media site. Your heart goes out to her and all who just want to get on with their lives in peace. Twitter should be shut down, they suck big time just like Jack. To make Russia look better by comparison. I didn’t say the violence was justified and no shit the military can stop what is happening. There are many reasons sending the military would be VERY unwise. Im sure you all want the military capping a bunch angry black citizens of our country, but what do you think will happen after? Use critical thinking.

The protestors are not trying to take the White House. Theyre displaying civil unrest which gets the message of anger across. 

Are you really comparing what’s happening now to the KKK? Are you all really this dense? Other countries are laughing at us because of shit supported by you guys. I’m not responding to anymore of you. I expect vermin trolls like you to make comments that make no sense. Stay off the internet , don’t watch the news, die alone... what do you expect? I trust no one.  Thats why I don't like others telling me what I should believe or not believe. Hope they go after Fox next The US has the most well developed military in the world, a "revolution" consisting of these sorts of riots will only last as long as the government is willing to refrain from forcefully putting it down. This means that all your supposedly justified violence will become unjustified violence that raises racial tensions. The American people are the government and the way to end racism is through time and peace. The KKK "protested" in the same way that you propose. The only things I trust are my own education and what I experience / witness myself. My own truth is the only facts I have. 

What do you “trust” ? Well, yea!!!!  Love Target 🎯 Guess you were just lying.... It’s not that hard to link it either... IQ test: they did very poorly Do you trust CNN? Sad, but true!!!! Do tell how many degrees you have? 
Research papers written? 

Forgive us for not trusting a complete and total internet stranger with no qualifications. THIS! How the hell do people not see the left are the racist ones?! 😂 Jews are responsible for the muzzie invasion of Europe, now it's coming back to bite them on the ass. And of course, the Jew controlled media makes it look like it's whites doing it, when it's not. And remember all the fake crimes that are done and reported by Jews! LIES. That makes mire sense thank  you This hurts to watch. this election is going to be a bloodbath Good luck at your antifa rally comrade You didn’t read the link clearly. Good for you. Well informed and racist or ignorant. You’re the number 2 republican.

Republicans cause the divide by their hate. No sense in continuing the conversation though. You’re talking out of your ass. Yeah and now they don’t have enough electric infrastructure to support it so what good does it do? This is either wildly out of context, or he’s the pedo. I do know the history Republican party we ended slavery.

The Democrats were slaveholders, then they decided to bind minority Americans to them forever with handouts, and they make sure to tell them every election cycle we're on your side while never actually doing anything for them. And they do everything they can at every moment to separate people and caused racial divisiveness.

It is they who make sure everyone is labeled and will never allow a colorblind society. You don’t even know the history of the Republican Party do you? The Republican Party is not what it was 1800s. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_United_States_Republican_Party

No one cares about changing hearts. It’s not about racism from the dumbasses around us. Riots won’t change that. It’s institutional racism. 

The government is known for laws that do not favor nonwhite people. The police are known for using radical force on black people. People are rioting to send a message: ”We won’t take this anymore.” It’s as simple as that. When the world around those in charge begins to crumble; the country will change. The people in power will  have no choice but to change. If not, there will be violence. 

The irony is that republican party loves violence. It keeps the money flowing. They are manipulating you. The government is full of corruption, but the republicans are MUCH more corrupt in their ways. Anything they can do to get votes. **iT**s O**kA**y B**eC**aU**sE** h**Es** Bl**Ac**K Definitely sarcasm my dudes. WTF Well....ok then... Hmm, that sounds very much like a confession. Hmmm is that from his experience. Damn How exactly will violence change hearts?

Instead violence sets people into their ways.

You can't make people not hate people with violence.

And if you look at all the racist unrest, seems to be in long term Dem controlled areas. And since the Dems were the slave holders makes sense they would instill racism where ever they rule. Peaceful protests don’t do shit you fool. When government officials are treating people like animals, you have to incite revolution. Revolution is never peaceful.

If peaceful protests did shit then we would still have the confederacy. I am sure many of you would be happy about that. Well that's what Twitter fact checked Trump on.  Their fact checking was actually false.  If you don't care about platforms making false statements (versus users making false statements) then there is nothing to argue. Yeah right. It’s a white mans world. Until you got to prison. Little dick is gonna have a hard time. Fuck the officer and fuck all of y’all racists in this sub. Just mad that your women love spice Yeah right. It’s a white mans world. Until you got to prison. Little dick is gonna have a hard time. Fuck the officer and fuck all of y’all racists in this sub. Just mad that your women love spice Many assumptions made. How do you know how people feel or why they do what they do? How do you know what individuals cares about? Don’t call anyone a “barbarian” until you walk in their shoes. People can only take so much grief. But empathy is a thing of the past it seems. What does one issue, mail in ballots, have to do with fact checking on a business site that is used by millions to share things with each other? I didn't say anything about mail in ballots. This is about people being allowed to spew lies in a site while other people get mad that the site wants to be involved in checking on those lies. Keep to the topic at hand. Google Obama thugs.  It's not that hard. *Twitter As much I can agree they are toxic at many times, they are the only platform for widespread conversation about American politics. Many republicans have come out and said they are cancerous because of censorship but do not understand that without these platforms there would simply be no platform for anyone do discuss and evolve their ideas. On a whim, I tried a binary to text converter:

"Socialism isn't bad"

"Socialism" mean many things to many people. You can see my prior posts on the benefits of capitalism, though I think some progressive taxation is actually good for the long term economic health of our nation.

What do you mean by "socialism"? That’s funny r/politics says the exact opposite. What a leftist minefield it has become. Have you bother doing fact check on the number of abuses nationwide from mail in ballots?  Do that first then tell me if Twitter is right.  

https://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/whitehouse.gov/files/docs/pacei-voterfraudcases.pdf&ved=2ahUKEwiF3OT7pNzpAhWThJ4KHVq4C5sQFjAAegQIARAB&usg=AOvVaw323R1Z6g7oqQd8IbGSLlvj Higher minimum wage simply encourages poverty because people do that and never move up to better paying jobs. It has been proven time and time again that people will lower their lifestyle to match a minimum wage (or trust fund, or welfare) rather than try to attain better employment to improve their situation. Better schools can only help so much when most inner city kids miss too many days and have too turbulent a home life to get a decent education. Bussing programs have helped some but also have shown to just move the problem to a different school district. In short, sending inner city kids to a suburban school helps some, but for the majority creates the same environment there, dragging down the suburban kids more than helping the urban ones. In CA you do get a tax credit AND a rebate for purchasing an electric vehicle... A republican against free speech? Don’t use it then. I guess that’s a fair comparison, but I still believe words are different from pornography. Trump didn’t tweet any obscene images, but I can understand their connection to violence. Moron Certainly plausible. It’s going to take a sharp knife to cut the rot out of this group. 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕Ugly Bitch!!!!! Wrong We can only hope. Twitter has been putting pornographic images behind content warnings for years. You have to click one extra time to reveal them. Do you think this similarly goes “way too far”? All they did with Trump’s tweet is exactly the same thing. WHO this🖕 Because liberals are hypocritical assholes. Time to open a can of whoop ass!!! So if users are the fact checkers, but you can "brush off" others users comments, are you suggesting we brush off facts? Your logic makes no sense. Twitter doesn't want obvious, easily disputed lies on their platform. Why do you think that's a bad thing? Oh, my mistake, it was hiding tweets. I believe that this is still too far man. Don’t understand the downvotes, I just thought that hiding tweets or basically making it more difficult to see them in any way is too far. Welding doesn't require a phone or a computer. Just some some heat and metal. Pays pretty good and certifications can be earned in as little as a year. Live your dreams. Get rid of modern tech. Become a Welder! Nope, I didn't say that at all, did I? I said the police should be *better* than us. I can see how you're confused since I literally said they "should be better than us"

I don't accept you turning me into a straw man, and I don't accept your intentions behind your comments.

So anyway, police should be better than us. End of story. Do you refute that? Honestly So you're saying civilians shouldn't have any moral code? I as a black woman shouldn't be able to depend on my own race to behave? Dismissed. ... the cops are supposed to be better people than us. Of course it's a bigger deal when a cop kills someone. Those are people you are supposed to go to for help Never once did I think it was neutral. It’s a cesspool for SJWs. You mean Mogadishupolis? Ok so pass critical acts such as a higher minimum wage, federal job guarantee, better school systems, even ubi Link? No, your point is that those websites don't echo your own thoughts, so they're wrong and must be stopped.

My point is that you have faux-outrage. Reddit censors people ALL of the time. Hell I bet there's probably a magic word or two here on this sub that can get me autobanned. Why haven't you been outraged at Reddit censoring my liberal views? 

It's because you don't actually care. We both know it. Now you can insult me more if you like, it doesn't really bother me. I'm sitting in my office right now cleaning up after the mess of Covid, some neckbeard 30 year old who's BO I can smell across the pond isn't going to move my emotional needle a bit.

You on the other hand seem very susceptible to insults. The tiniest sleight against you and I think you're going to blow up at me.

Really, you're just the definition of a snowflake. You don't give a fuck about issues until your god-king tells you to. You didn't cry about Section 230 when it affected me. I've had plenty of comments censored.


You are a tool. Your "feelings" that you feel aren't your own. I agree but also ironic when the republican president puts out so many tweets per day The problem is not the justice system. The problem is culture. More black people kill each other in a week than are killed by cops in 2 years. No one says a thing. The inner city culture from churches to schools to the home glorifies violence, rape, drugs, theft, and fatherless homes.   Fix that, and the other problems will go away. Ignore it and blame cops and white people and the system, just watch it get worse. The autopsy found drugs in his system that may have caused his bad heart to give out. Also he and the cop had worked together previously. I wonder about what is going to happen to either their or their families bank account a month from now?  This is a crazy conspiracy theory but: what if the whole thing was a setup?  He took something just before the cop got there that would kill him. The cop was supposed to make it look like he was being crushed to death and make sure the whole thing was filmed for the world to see. The riots were pre-organized and talking points and allies already set in advance.  Yes I know this sounds crazy but what if?  You don’t think they both had money troubles and someone they wanted taken care of for life? 1. I don't care if the president lies, this one does, and so does the previous one (I lost my doctor and my insurance, thanks Obama).  So yeah, people can point out his lies.  My problem is THE PLATFORM pointing out the lies, and then expect to have all the immunities of 230.   Also, did Twitter point out any of the lies concerning the Flynn case where government officials lied?  Did Twitter point out that Comey and Brennan and Clapper lied to the American people?  or they remain silent?  Selective fact-checking?  That's what we are talking about, isn't it?
The government should not force anyone to lean anywhere.  They should, however, allow for a leveled playing field.  If you're a platform, shut the fuck up about your own ideologies and agendas, and just let people do the talking without interfering.  That's not leaning to the right (unless, you admit that most social media does censor conservatives).  
Would you like reddit to edit or add content to your postings making you look like a complete asshole or a liar, just because they do not agree with what you say?  That's my point. Name the city. Nope. New Yorkers let their state get this bad by voting these corrupt individuals in. New Yorkers are the only ones who can fix New York, but they WON'T. Spineless bunch of people that love to talk tons of sh** about the rest of the US. Obama called the Baltimore looters 
THUGS, Lori Forehead.  Go get your hair done or something important.  Or maybe go to the South Side and count the bodies in your own city... Really hope so. So in that cases they would be legally responsible for trump posting things that could incite violence. Which in turn would result in a ban. Would you rather Twitter flag tweets or completely remove a persons right to speak? The President didn't order anyone to shoot anyone. Also still curious why you aren't saying shit about the subs that disallow people based on their skin color Ok so your problem is that the president can't lie without someone point out the lie? So then you're saying Twitter should point out everybody's lies and give up that protection? Is that your end goal here?

You also still haven't answered why you feel the government should be allowed to force them to lean right

Or do you want everybody (including the president) to be able to lie to the public with no recourse? Not the platform.  Not Twitter. Let other users do the fact checking.  Imagine Facebook called you a "catfish".  If a user calls you a catfish you can brush it off.  If Facebook calls you a catfish, every other user will accept that as undisputed truth.  That is the problem.
If Twitter wants to get into the business of fact-checking and interjecting their content in user's content, then they should lose the protections under 230, and that means if they say something that is incorrect, they are open to legal action. 
As to you trying to call me an idiot indirectly, it suits your demeanor.   And "sir" is sexist.  I'm a person of color, so I think you're also racist. Agreed.  And if someone says "thug" and someone else thinks "black", maybe they are the racist I bet his ratings suck. Who watches this hack? Let's make a distinction here between websites and platforms.  A website (such as Wikipedia) offers content and it isn't aimed at providing full user interaction.  Platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, even YouTube, provide a place for people to publish content, and to interact between users (mostly in the form of comments).  That said, all platforms have been conveniently operating under the provisions of the Communication Decency Act:
"Section 230 says that "No provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider" (47 U.S.C. § 230). In other words, online intermediaries that host or republish speech are protected against a range of laws that might otherwise be used to hold them legally responsible for what others say and do. The protected intermediaries include not only regular Internet Service Providers (ISPs), but also a range of "interactive computer service providers," including basically any online service that publishes third-party content. Though there are important exceptions for certain criminal and intellectual property-based claims, CDA 230 creates a broad protection that has allowed innovation and free speech online to flourish."
(source: https://www.eff.org/issues/cda230).
Now see that legal protection?  It goes out the window the moment they become editors of content.   And that is precisely the point.  There is a law that protect those platforms, as long as they act according to certain parameters.  The moment they stray from them, they should no longer be protected.
Now let's shift away from potected classes (e.g. sexual orientation, color, etc.) and let's fall on other grounds.  Let's say the platform decides to smear you or publish lies about you.  And you can't touch them because of 230.  Or they decide to tell everyone that the world will end tomorrow and there are massive suicides.  Still protected under 230.  See the problem here?  You can't have the cake and eat it.  There are a bunch of guys making comments and attacking me on this posting because they are know-it-all-from-mom-basement libs who do not understand that their protected speech doesn't come free.    So yeah, if Twitter wants to remain under 230, then they have to revise their actions.  Same goes to YouTube (massive censoring of conservatives) and Facebook.  All those are liberal platforms, controlled by liberals.  If they want to use them to spread their ideology, then do so outside 230 and get ready for the rain of lawsuits that will ensue.    That is the point.  You're either a platform (and do not censor, adhering to standard policies that prohibit hate speech, violence, obscenity, etc) or you're a publisher and then you are responsible for what you say.
Twitter's "fact checking" is editing and adding to the user's content. Twitter is trash Well I think you’re right too some degree, but they’re also banking heavily that they’ll be able to snatch away undecided or uninformed voters by him picking a strong female candidate. Many of the thugs he is talking about are white! These people are dipshits. More like we are REALLY busy because of the nationwide bullshit and how about you don't insult us? Yeah, that's true, can't go on any social media with a bunch of you retards talking about coronoa hoax, 5g, and bitching about people calling out your limp dick leader for lying. Why don't you all fuck off from the internet? Delete When the crazies are out there is no Left or Right. Because it’s good to expand your horizons? I lean left and am from The Netherlands, I don’t even follow any left wing subs because they’re not interesting at all. I don’t need an echo chamber for my own political quarter, I want to see what other people think. Your politics are also influencing the rest of the world so it’s important to follow them. Did you happen to see the autopsy report? I found it a bit eye opening. Not sure if it's true or not. Dang you got me, well done. You're right, sexual orientation and skin color is protected (not sure why you aren't throwing a shitfit about the subs that ban white people). I was wrong. I probably lean right on that ruling, but  history proved me wrong here.

But, this isn't about your skin color or your sexual orientation. You're the one changing the argument, not me.

Why do YOU feel like websites HAVE to pander to your political leanings? (I specified my question so you don't get sidetracked again) some more numbers for you:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cities_proper_by_population_density

Manhatten is 8th in the world. No cities in Florida on the list. He can't remember what he did yesterday Go to loot then shoot. Riots will die down.

And I live in a area that when there was a giant flood. The govt issues the "looters will be shot on site" orders. Probably get a special cell, where the Warden can have a beer with him while watching the Super Bowl. You do realize devout muslims are right wing? I laugh when they label this George Floyd protests. This is far from wanting justice for him anymore. it's been hijacked by anarchists. They're going by their own agenda not Floyd's honor. You truly live in another planet dude.  https://aclu-co.org/court-rules-bakery-illegally-discriminated-against-gay-couple/
There is such thing as discrimination and there are laws against it.  Now it seems political affiliation may become another protected class.
Then again this may be hard to grasp for you since PC and left narrative seem to have brainwashed you that liberals are above the law. There's literally subreddits like that. They haven't been thrown in jail.

So yes, a private business can refuse service to anyone right? If they're gay, doesn't matter I can refuse service. Black? Doesn't matter, it's my right to refuse service.

Or am I wrong there that I don't have that right? Okay, I agree they should stand trial too but still doesn't justify the riots Ok would you be ok if the platform, due to its policies, would ban all people of color?  That seems perfectly fine under your premise.  Do you feel entitled? YOU DID NOTHING, YOU DESERVE NOTHING, YOU ARE OWED NOTHING. It amuses me all the people posting about how peaceful protest haven't changed anything. Which is why they're rioting now.

has violent riots ever change the hearts of people so they don't hate anymore?

the only thing that will stop racism is time and people changing. 

And the only thing that'll change police involved shootings. Is less crime so the police don't feel the need to reach for their guns so fast. Yeah, the problem is the right can't make their own platforms I guess? Why does any site HAVE to pander to you? You're own 0% of that site. You did 0 work on that site. You built nothing, you did nothing to make it what it is.

Yet you still feel entitled? YOU DID NOTHING, YOU DESERVE NOTHING, YOU ARE OWED NOTHING

It's so crazy to me that you want the government to tell private business how they can and can't operate. It's nonsensical He hasn’t been convicted, he’s been charged. There are three other cops who were involved who are still free. Crusin down /all on my iPhone, 
Jockin the *freaks*, clockin the dough Right ≠ Alt-Right It is labeled as an opinion piece. Social media is really a cancer that eats away your mental healthy slowly, try deleting Facebook, WhatsApp or any of the social media apps, think about how much more productive you will, I deleted WhatsApp a few months ago, Facebook a week ago. The whole Zuckerberg ecosystem is just bad and unhealthy, for example: Instagram is just an illusion and a bubble, people live in it and it eats away their life. Reddit too is bad mainly because you end up arguing with people who have no clue what the hell they're talking about. It's now in Richmond, VA too of all places How can cakes be gay sir? So is rape and murder you moron! ALL ILLEGAL ACTS Depends how good the defense attorney is good to tear down that argument. The state has to have an airtight case. That's probably why they start with Murder 3 first. Yup. The cop had plenty of time to think about how he was killing the guy while kneeling on his neck for 9 minutes ALL WHILE bystanders where telling the cops they were killing him... how much more time do you need to premeditate it? I don't think it's cherry picking that a man took a knee to the neck over a possibly counterfeit $20 bill, and was held despite bystanders having concern for his health after several minutes. There are far less lethal ways to have detained this man. It now appears that the cop may have had a history with him and also had multiple previous complaints against him.

We need these bad cops out of their positions of authority asap. He just made life so much more difficult for every professional cop just doing their job. I hope the day comes when other police officers start calling out bad behavior in their fellow force (seeing a bit of that with this case). And apply same policy as baking gay cakes and she male genital waxing Well duh, I hope you know how ridiculous it looks. Do you even have anything to say regarding the topic at hand? I'm not saying the cop was right, I think he was clearly in the wrong. However the facts matter. People like to cherry pick in these situations to fit their narrative. I do not want to use a cell phone nor computer at work at all.....unfortunately those jobs are hard to find and mostly pay less Sure those sound like decent solutions. But rioting and burning the city down over a cop who is already convicted? Your points sound like something someone needs to run on at a state and local level and people need to vote in if they are so enthusiastic about it all of a suddon. You didn’t answer my question : who should fact check in your “less than humble opinion” , sir. 

Ps) not a “guy” - I’m not sure you understand the term  “idiot”. What does it mean to you? This is a sad truth. Our poorer communities need better education. I believe education is the ultimate path to a better life for most. He was fine and walking before the knee. I believe I read that a second opinion is being sought as far as the autopsy. And you took the time to reply ... so???? Hmmmm You literally just described “free speech” 🤔 Imagine Reddit added to your post "this guy is a complete idiot".   That's what I mean, smartass. One of the biggest problems is that people with bad intentions always are looking to take advantage of chaos. The people who are looting, destroying the city, and committing general acts of violence are detracting from the message. Check by whom???? 

Not the platform 😹 Sarcasm? White liberals are killing the whole country. They are only as cancerous as the people who use them. Did you seriously take time to come to this sub just to say that? Wow. No we need an executive order to make it the way that I WANT Yeah I don't get it, everyone losing their shit over a no one who has a radical statement.. who cares..? Or people who are famous getting political, what do you know about this subject? Leave it to the pro's. Initial autopsy stated that, “the combined effects of being pinned down by an officer as well as "his underlying health conditions and any potential intoxicants in his system likely contributed to his death.” So the knee isn't actually what killed him. Did you know Andrew McCabe has admitted to lying to the DBI several times? there’s a police precinct in it wait what? I did two years ago. Next should be my Reddit account. I’m just waiting for one of my glorious comments on R/politics to get an award instead of a ban. the floyd family has asked them to stop, but they are still doing it “for floyd” because they want free tvs It's a oligarchy babey Yeah but that doesn’t mean we have the right to shut them down. Let people do what they want. Just hold yourself accountable to the values you place on others. That's all one sentence bud Yeah but so are republicans so 🤷‍♀️ You aren't interested in stopping police brutality? But muh free speech The klan literally kills people To all those who are saying “dOnT uSe iT”. I believe this guy is trying to say, and I could be wrong, that there is an overall negative affect on society as a whole, costs outweigh benefits. And this problem won’t be reconciled if this singular user “sToPs UsInG TwiTtER” and goes “sOmEwHeRe ElSe” The problem with Twitter and Social Media in general is that it gives everyone an equal platform to voice their opinions. The problem is not all opinions are equal and don’t deserve any platform with which to be heard. I highly suggest watching the full video. The officer continued to pin him down as he laid unresponsive for several minutes. No attempts to check on his well being. No easing of control when he was in full control of the situation. If it was intentional or not is speculative but this officer completely disregarded this citizen's life. An officer's responsibility is to detain and ensure the well being of the individual to exercise their right to due process. That is not right. 01010011 01101111 01100011 01101001 01100001 01101100 01101001 01110011 01101101 00100000 01101001 01110011 01101110 00100111 01110100 00100000 01100010 01100001 01100100 Then don't use it, take your business elsewhere Executive overreach is executive overreach, we set checks and balances for a reason. >but you don’ have the same fear when the President of the United States - the most powerful person in the world - makes a claim?

Firstly, you're putting words into my mouth.

Secondly, my opinion is that nothing needs to be "fact-checked".  It's impossible to remove bias by "fact-checkers".

I see what you're getting at with the comparison but I don't agree that it's the same thing.  The position that I'm arguing is that putting a hard label on something such as "fact-checked" denotes to the naive that the opinion of the fact checker is fact...when it's most certainly not in many cases.

In your example the only way to stop someone in authority from posting a claim is to simply stop them from speaking.  Which is ridiculous.

That naive person we're talking about will need to form their own opinion when reading or hearing speakers and eventually, hopefully shred their naivety instead of being told what is fact and what isn't by someone else that could hold strong bias. This is my view that you find odd hopefully expounded upon. Anti semitism also applies to Islam Yes but NOT by the platform.  The moment the platform intersects itself in the discussion then they are no longer a platform and become a publisher.  Do you disagree with this? Said on a social media platform Did you know that Muslims are people too? That's interesting to say... I'm being pretty objective here but i suppose that depends on whether you're pro-Trump or not. Just looking at the things he's done while in office, his behavior in general, his ability to get things done and lead are all aweful. But if you still think he's doing a good job then that's your  choice. Antizionism, protesting against Israel, not judaism I'm a black woman and trust me I know this for a fact. Or else they would protest for black lives lost any other time. They only care when a black man is killed by the cops. It's politics! Yeah but the Democrats don't care hell they believe Obamagate is a fake conspiracy dreamed up by Trump. Is there a reason other than antisemitism that a German would burn an Israeli flag? Don’t forget that pub they looted and destroyed, which was owned by a black man who put his life savings into it. Brought the man to tears. There’s a go fund me for him that’s up to a half mil already though. Do you believe that false information should not be fact-checked? I don’t know about you, but people who are bad at my profession don’t end up murdering others. We need better screening, higher pay, and more accountability for cops. This keeps happening. That's not a problem with Muslims, that's a problem with anti semites. How about a truly open platform where both voices can be heard?   And I'm referring to twitter/google/facebook.  Obviously media outlets have agendas thus CNN vs Fox is a thing.  But if you upload a video with conservative views and YouTube censors it while at the same time letting leftist videos stay even when their tone is similar to the censored ones but meets the left agenda then we have a problem. Fix the criminal justice system? 100% agreed! 

That would put an end to all these disinformation campaigns, hate incitement, vicious and baseless accusations, fake news, blatant lies, doxing, etc. Social media gave a voice to many who needed to be heart, but also to MANY more who should never have been able to get to any kind of audience. They should be accountable for what they provide their platform as a tool. They have started here in Richmond, VA too smh I can't think of a single media outlet or social media platform that doesn't do this. Whether it's for conservative values or liberal values, there's always a slant. What you're saying is that if they do this then they should be regulated? I guess to choose what should be regulated? If it's not conservative enough? If it's too liberal? If it's too conservative? The moment you try to have the government regulate based on the political leaning of a platform, you're going to have issues. It is an impossible thing to do. Trump hasn't been until recent Yes very much These Democrat animals they dont care about justice they just want to riot and destroy things Maybe they should have burned down the right buildings. They hit the government by burning the precinct, you expect them to not hit back? Am I the bad guy if I say I don't think this cop killed him? His knee is clearly not occluding his trachea. Sure there's pressure to the back and side of the neck. He's also talking very clearly which is indicative of someone moving good air. I think this man either had a heart attack or drugs were a factor. And before you say "man u a racist pos". Think about how stupid the rioters and protesters will look when the autopsy comes back that he died from an OD or anything else besides a knee on his head. When these protests happen based on nothing more than emotion they turn to riots. You'll never get anything done this way. Get your FACTS 100% right first. Good for you. More people need to stop using social media and start socializing. What a pig. Never had one to begin with 😎 Just delete your Twitter account. It started from one person. Karma’s a bitch, eh? One person this month* The beauty of living in a free society is that you could simply choose to not use Twitter if you don't like it so much. It would be frustrating if Twitter were the only option for social media... Maybe someone should, I don't know, boycott it Maybe they should’ve tried something more peaceful? Like kneeling? I think we're going for the deep state is corrupt and the Obama DOJ/FBI were used to target the next administration. Are you mental, you moron? Terrorists should be shot. American citizens or not. Not satire? This is all a distraction to fill up the news cycles and take time and all eyes away from the fact that the Obama administration is going to get in big trouble for spying.  This is all predictable! They are a cancer because under the excuse of being private they have attempted to portray their "portal" virtue allowing people to express themselves while at the same time censoring conservatives and manipulating search results to promote the left agenda.   When you have mega corporations like these trying to politically influence elections its time to regulate them or terminate them. That’s what we are going for here? “Yeah he broke the law, but it was illegal for you to find out about it.” Better than a drone strike tbh Like "why does trump talk about it so much?" You mean citizens that choose to destroy and rob their local communities? Or the people that burned the precinct? Or the people who burned the affordable housing? So, this is true of black officers too? u/nwordcountbot But not the shooting of American citizens at the order of the president? Got it Yeah...if I was any of those three I would be embaressed Please don’t be a Babylon Bee article...please don’t be a Babylon Bee article...

Yes!  It’s real! They’re not banking on Biden, they’re banking that he’ll choose a strong VP Except the dog bites itself in confusion... "protests" Guys you have it all wrong these are just a bunch of joggers I despise CNN, but I certainly don’t want anything like this to happen to them. Maybe this incident will make them take a hard look at their deal with the Devil, I mean Democrats. Best quote - "You're watching Dr. Frankenstein get destroyed by his own monster." Yes Put their names where the skid marks go!! Objectively false information huh? Funny because that ultra-right wing, neo-nazi group the NAACP is calling for an election to be thrown out because of this very thing. Seems 20% of the mail in ballots where thrown out because "reasons,"  But those "reasons" were never explained. Including the votes of an elected official and his entire family. Plus hundreds of ballots stuffed into mailboxes found by postal workers, a lot of people have also come forward saying they never received their mail in ballots, but that they were told by polling stations that they had already voted. 

Every single thing that people have been worried about happening using mail in ballots literally just happened in Patterson, NJ and yet you, and people like you, still keep screaming that is isn't possible. 

 [https://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/politics/nj-naacp-leader-calls-for-paterson-mail-in-vote-to-be-canceled-amid-fraud-claims/2435162/](https://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/politics/nj-naacp-leader-calls-for-paterson-mail-in-vote-to-be-canceled-amid-fraud-claims/2435162/) How do I feel about this? Why does the APD have large war vehicles? Fix what? There are bad people in every profession. This guy got charged. I understand if the protest were because the cop had no repercussion but that wasnt the case. Even without all the media coverage and protests I am sure this man would have been charged. 

I can see where people might he upset in cases like the Georgia man who was shot by two over zealous wanna-be/ex cops and the real cops basically covered it up. That is a problem that needs fixed. Shhh, these idiots think CNN is in a strip mall. It is fun to listen. THEY ARE SETTING THE GROUNDS FOR MARTIAL LAW. This is mostly a protest. It is not, generally speaking, unruly There’s a police precinct in the CNN Center There’s a downtown police precinct in the CNN Center in Atlanta. I’ve seen confusion about this from a lot of people who aren’t from Atlanta. One of the downtown police precincts is in the CNN Center. I don’t think this really had anything to do with CNN other than that. Agreed.   Facts are facts.  We all have biases.   That doesn’t mean that my biases are going to tell me that 2 + 2= 5 Are you really telling me why only 50% of crimes are solved on average magically antisemitic crimes have a rate of over 95% showing these are all far right? Antisemitic crimes are defined as far right. All unsolved cases are counted as far right. You are willfully ignoring reality to stay in your bubble. Don Quixote fighting windmills made of swastikas. Wife of the officer is divorcing him. He’ll be getting it up the butt in jail Getting a taste of their own medicine from papa Soros. This Carma News Network At CNN’s gate. How will Don Lemon ever explain this about his own peeps. Oh dear, Lemon in a pickle. Nice nice Honestly as much as I hate CNN, this is just acts of terrorism toward a company. 

Also the unfair arrests of the CNN reporters. Burning down businesses owned by Blacks. “That’ll teach those Black people!” This is over what happened in Minnesota? Does this post have any credibility besides being an Instagram post 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9535 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8428 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7098 nices**

**...**

**80466.** `u/thomas20061992` at **2 nices**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Nice 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9535 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8426 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7098 nices**

**...**

**250422.** `u/vanchizzy` at **1 nice**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Nice Your "source" confirms again exactly what I'm saying. What do you think does "*PMK - nicht zuzuordnen*" mean? 

You don't provide any source for your claim that 'unsolved' cases are counted as far right, nor do you explain what then the numbers in the row of "*nicht zuzuordnen*" are referring to, according to you. 

I give you the benefit of doubt, though. It actually appears that you're not willfully lying. I’m flattered, but least propose properly first. I’ll ooga your booga You are willfully lying or you are on of those lefties who loves to ignore reality to feel fine in the dumpsterfire of his own making. We are talking about antisemitic crimes. Look at the numbers. And keep in mind that only 50% of cases are solved. Every unsolved case is counted as far right. This one of the ways to construct a far right threat while the real problem are left wing terrorists.
[source](https://i.maga.host/RqWt9lz.jpg) Funny, the few times I wrote my name on women’s undies I was arrested. Because the ones who do speak up are routinely fired and are no longer cops. Literally almost every news network in the States is neoliberal. The country itself is neoliberal. Don’t throw around terms you don’t understand. My tribe truth other tribe lies ooga booga
You’re all tribalist apes. Are you willingly spreading blatant lies, or are you just stupid? 

It LITERALLY says:

PMK - **nicht zusuordnen** (not identifiable) = 6.664 <- this is the number of the 'unsolved' crimes in 2019

The crimes attributed to the far-right are in a separate row:

PMK - **rechts** (right) = 22.342

[Here, look again](https://i.imgur.com/48EVB5S.png). 

There's only 5 rows + the total, it can't be so hard, geez. Communist News Network lol I was told that you guys were upset the officer was arrested? These comments don’t make sense! Am I in a parallel universe? /s Incite racial wars and hysteria. It just might end up biting you in the ass. I just love cnn is acknowledging it happened. But calling it protests. The moment a protest crosses the threshold of violence or destruction. It’s not a protest. MLK god rest his soul is rolling in his grave. Hey OP, you deserve to be killed :) all corrupt liars should be publicly executed. And it also says that unsolved crimes are Nazis, not neutral. I'm not sure what you mean.  It **is** murder, and the cop is being charged with murder 3 and manslaughter. “claiming reverse racism” and “racial jokes” bug me so much cause some african americans (and some indians) post very racist tiktoks, but they are just funny because they’re against whites Your partisanship has blinded you, and I worry that you may never see with your own eyes again. Yeah, it’s just so many liberals there, we outnumbered? It’s a babylonbee article my guy "Peaceful protests, turn into RIOTS" -Next CNN headline you're wrong dude. I live in the hood in st Louis and it's made me lean more conservative than I've ever been in my life. most of my neighbors are too and most are not white. in fact I noticed more and more people turning conservative ever since we all had to endure the riots of ferguson. so you're full of shit you're not as intelligent as you think you are When karma finally comes calling. Some of the funniest comments on other subs are people saying it’s proof Flynn was interfering in President Obama policy.  So Flynn tells the Russians not to escalate and that’s interference?  Less than 30 days left in office and Obama wants to escalate tensions between the two countries?  Really, on his way out the door cause a crisis?  that’s their proof?  So they wanted a shooting war or what?  What idiots. Y'all realize every city is blue, right? And it is so because it has diversity of thought and experience outside of suburban whiteness. Live in a multicultural neighborhood and your opinion about voting Republican will change. Otherwise just stay in your white ass suburb and not give a shit. I know why I hate CNN, but I don't understand why these rioters hate CNN too... Hey at least the ~~rioters~~ protestors get free masks handed out. Lol Yeah the burning of the precinct at least makes sense. I’m glad you said it was wrong because it’s a crime I keep seeing this report from different sources but have yet to see a pic or video of an actual fire at CNN. 

But hope springs eternal. it’s in lots of places now, i’m about 30 minutes from atlanta and just praying it doesn’t move out of the city and into the suburbs I find this view very odd. Can you explain why it “really scares you” that someone naive may see a fact check and believe it unconditionally, but you don’ have the same fear when the President of the United States - the most powerful person in the world - makes a claim? Wouldn’t such a person also consider a claim by the president to be authoritative? Burning down the precinct at leat directed the anger towards the cause of the problem. While wrong. At least I can see the justification of that action in regards to the protests, but yeah stealing 10 TVs and 6 bottles of liquor.... you just lost every ounce of credibility you had. Atlanta is too spread out for real riots. There are gay parades going on? This made me so giddy I'm gay and I don't have it. And I do ALL the parades. /s

I really am gay though. No virus. Fake news. I can’t help but agree with Obama on that one. Please put it in YouTube so we can share it! :) Well, "eye for an eye" is not exactly what we're talking about here, at least not in every case.  I mean, I don't think we shoot a rioter in the face for setting an unoccupied car on fire.  But I do think they should be stripped of their freedom and dignity and thrown in prison for a year and forced to pay restitution.  I mean, arson is a felony, and they deprived someone of an asset worth thousands of dollars.  That's justice.  But, if someone is committing an act of violence directly against another human being like the ones who beat up the Secret Service agent, then yes, in the moment of that violence being carried out, eye for an eye applies.  That's sort of the overarching principle of the use of force continuum.  You respond to force with force, and there are many rules about what level of force you should respond with.  And in the instant of one victim being assaulted by multiple assailants, they have reasonable fear for their life and may respond with lethal force. He **didn't** die from suffocation.  He died as a result of being what we call "blood choked" by the officer.  Essentially, the officer partially or wholly cut off the flow of blood to the brain which made the victim feel as though they were going to pass out from lack of oxygen.  What the victim actually died from was the disruption in blood flow which aggravated underlying medical conditions.

But, I don't really understand why you bring that up.  It has no bearing on whether or not you charge someone with murder or manslaughter.  The cause of death is irrelevant as long as you are directly responsible for the death itself.  And the officer was, very plainly, responsible.  His actions were clearly recorded for the world to see.  He acted with calloused indifference to human life and carried out an action he knew had the potential to cause death.  And he has a history of misconduct as a police officer.  What the medical examiner determines is the actual cause of death doesn't mean anything.  What matters is whether or not the cause of death was triggered by the police officers actions and whether he acted with calloused indifference to human life, which he did.  He was going to get charged regardless, but I see multiple people getting hung up over the ME's report for some reason. I support protests. These are riots and criminals. You can’t just burn down police precincts, cars, and loot businesses Or abortion clinics What about the medical examiner saying that he didn’t die of suffocation or asphyxia? You can clearly see he was saying I can’t breath and he died on tape. So it makes people think they are gonna get away with what clearly is murder. Well the Coca-Cola sponsored black lives matter marches don't do shit either. So shit, we made it! No change necessary! Alright well at least we can agree that the underlying issues need to be addressed! The whole question of whether "an eye for an eye" is the way to uphold the law is a whole separate question that I am certainly not qualified to answer. Lul imagine choking a man to death and him saying you're choking him to death having it on film and that not being murder POC have been oppressed for the entire history of our country. They have tried to peacefully protest (Kaepernick comes to mind) and we saw how that went. Although I can’t condone violence, I’m sympathetic to the idea that their grief and frustration have bubbled over into violence. We need to fix this! Would you prefer we become a one party state like China? Democrats and Republicans are different because neither can always be right. Our political system prospers when they point out each others mistakes, and work together to bring legislation that focuses on advancing the US. That’s the whole point of a democracy. Democrats and Republicans BOTH have become more and more repulsive, refusing to work together unless it directly benefits them and at points even trying to silence the other party. I’m a republican, always have been. But I fear for our country if we keep going down this path. Post to r/politics plz How about the workers of that Target they destroyed? Maybe Autozone employees who can no linger work do to their place of employment being destroyed? Or let's say good cops who actually do their job to help people and had nothing to do with this tragedy other than wear a badge? There is no real evidence in this article. In fact, it’s full of opinions, logical fallacies, and baseless claims. Not reliable. > but labeling them as violent monsters

They labeled themselves violent monsters by **being** violent monsters.  I already have more than enough information to address the underlying concerns, and I happily have those conversations with peaceful people daily these days.  But these idiots burning things down do **not** deserve empathy or consideration.  They deserve to be crushed on behalf of their own victims. True, but they are all being investigated for potential charges as well.  And with the video evidence, I think it's highly unlikely that they won't be charged. . I'm so done with this party. What ever happened to limited government. Republicans and democrats are the same damn thing at this point. They're all too stupid to see it which is pretty depressing. I think bus point was the other cops involved haven't been arrested. Videos show 3 or 4 of them all sitting on him for several minutes.

They may not have had their knee on his neck, but were still just as involved. People are acting like Twitter is supported by the tax payer lmao I have to disagree.  For sure it's hard to do, but definitely not impossible.  We can hold them accountable for the violence they're causing while also listening to their perspective as to why they felt the need to protest violently in the first place. There might be something that can be done to fix that underlying cause, but labeling them as violent monsters and ignoring their calls for change certainly isn't going to be productive. Well I mean it is a private company so they can swing whichever way they want. Zuck criticised what they did but his company is also private so they’re both entitled to doing things in different ways People that grow up in extreme poverty have a different opinion of the police. The police have a different opinion of the people. It’s not the same. Protests against overreaching government power good. Violence against unrelated third parties bad. 

I have no issue with protesting the local police departments and lawmakers to ensure justice, transparency during the investigation, and transparency during reforms to police procedure to ensure this never happens again. But that doesnt give you a right to burn down an auto zone no matter how much justified anger you have. The sad part is these neighborhoods will likely take decades to recover hurting the locals even more.

> protest unwarranted death by excessive police force.
> Why, when it only effects black lives,

More white people have been killed by police than black people every year. There is no reason to racialize this issue especially if by your implication it prevents people from joining the movement. this is the way >Empathy would be a great place to start if we want to heal some of the animosity that exists in this country.

It's impossible to have empathy for the people beating you and burning your shit to the ground.  Violent people committing violence against innocents deserve neither empathy nor accommodation.  They eventually learn the hard way that violence begets violence. Got it! Youre right those are all terrible things, especially when this violence is needlessly directed at victims who are not at fault or related in any way.

However, I would warn you not to jump to the conclusion that the rioters are simply looking to be violent for the sake of violence.  There's really no reason to assume that they aren't angry about George Floyd and the greater history of police violence against black people in this country.  Most likely they see that undue violence against black people very similarly to how you see the violence of these protests: unnecessary and directed at victims who do not deserve it.  Empathy would be a great place to start if we want to heal some of the animosity that exists in this country. Why have republicans suddenly decided they hate the concept of private property? Feckless communists. Y'all are the same as democrats now. Ridiculous. Multiple people have been shot as a result of violence stemming from the protests. The property/financial damage hurts untold people. Not only the property owners, businesses renting the property, but also employees that are now out of a job. 

There are thousands of victims, of not more, by now. Missing the forest for the trees Umm... you're just flat out wrong.  The cop is being charged with murder.  His booking photo was released earlier today. I think Doris sent people to the cnn building to make them look like the victim Lol no its not a joke! I'm not that informed but trying to learn more. The original comment was super aggressive but a claim without evidence is worthless and is only going to incite more argument from people who have different opinions.  If you want to be persuasive you gotta throw down some evidence to get your point across! Wearing masks at this time of hr is really required. 
Protests are part of democracy but safety of others and oneself not to be forgotten.  

Coronavirus doesn't see why you are protesting or sleeping or what u believe in. It only needs some body cells to kill. If you’re brother was killed by a cop like that then to hear that the medical examiner says he wasn’t suffocated and the other 2 cops that sat on him aren’t arrested I’m pretty sure you’d be enraged too. The opposite of what you're saying is true. Section 230 specifically gives platforms the ability to moderate content without having to worry about liability. That was the point of the bill. There is nothing in the bill or in the case law that would cause any internet content service that allows 3rd party content to lose this immunity. It would take a repeal of the law, not a reclassification of the content provider. Are you kidding?  Have you not been keeping up at all?  They set fire to a Shell gas station earlier.  What does Shell have to do with police brutality?  They beat a Secret Service agent earlier today.  Secret Service has nothing to do with local law enforcement incidents in Minneapolis.  They set somebody's car on fire earlier today, somebody who had nothing to do with the incident.  

If you aren't aware of the victims, it's because you've chosen to be ignorant.  Stores are being set on fire.  Gas stations.  People's property.  Federal workers from uninvolved agencies are being threatened and assaulted.  And a police precinct from another area that wasn't even involved with the incident was taken over and set ablaze.  And you come in here to ask obtuse questions.  Ridiculous. To be fair those reopening idiots brought combat gear directly into the statehouse because they wanted to force service workers to give them haircuts.

These people are angry because a member of their community was murdered by 1 cop while several others stood by and watched and the onlookers pleaded for them to stop. I'm not saying you should light target on fire but to compare the two is very disingenuous. Everyone already knew asphyxiation wasn’t the case of death based on the location of his death alone. The use of inappropriate restraint methods clearly strained his body to the point of death. 

Simply put, if the cops wouldn’t have done what they did, the man would be alive today. 

It’s stupid of us to pretend otherwise. I think mask-wearers are morons. The neo-liberal morons ar CNN will learn their lessons now Is this question a joke? But he likes tik tok which is gay bruh XD Anyone who disagree with this is delusional. Nah I agree with this. It was one person for crying out loud. What victims have they created? It makes sense. As the right has politicalized wearing masks and their protestors don’t wear them. See? It's not just in America. Big difference between breaking quarantine to protest... well, quarantine, and breaking quarantine to protest unwarranted death by excessive police force.

Shouldn’t conservatives be terrified of overreach by a militarized government? Isn’t that exactly why they were protesting quarantine?

Why, when it only effects black lives, are conservatives silent, or even in disagreement? What would make them target CNN? They seek "truth" from them. Did they side with the former officer or something? The fact that they'll openly create victims of their own that have nothing to do with police brutality.  They only care about finding an excuse to do violence of their own. What evidence has led you to believe that the people taking part in these riots do not care about victims of police brutality? Having white parents counts as covert white supremacy? We don't have any control over who our parents are! I know right.....huh, no worries Why do we need a "fact checker" at all? Before I eat any "Ice cream" I do my own research. They are wearing them backwards I guess. We used to call unsightly underwear stains 'Ted Kennedy.' Nice to see folks update the language to reflect our changing times. Sorry, I meant to say the worst of the pandemic is almost over. CNN wanted a riot and pushed for a riot only thing is CNN wanted somebody else to be targeted. Its not funny but it is ironic how social distancing went out the window when huge mobs of people started protesting the death of George Floyd. Communists are cannibals. First degree was never a possibility like some want. No premeditation. Manslaughter/ Murder 3 is it. Why would “godless” people want theocratic policies? Something people need to be aware of is that rioters don't care about Floyd or any other victim of police brutality.  They don't care about race or injustices or inequality.  They are violent criminals who just look for an excuse to vandalize and do violence.  Rioters simply want to riot, and they'll do so if you give them even the most ludicrous of reasons.  

Do no let these idiots ever convince you that they give a damn about human life, dignity, liberty, freedoms, or justice.  These are the barbarians. And just like we all suspected, there was nothing whatsoever wrong with Flynn's conversation.  There was no reason to be spying on the conversation in the first place, certainly no criminal justification.  And that's precisely why the intel community didn't want this transcript released for so long. No, but if Twitter expresses its bias in the form of editorializing opinion, then it needs to be held liable for its statements the same way other organizations are.  Right it now it enjoy an exemption from libel that it should no longer have. Subsection 2A is the related section. Arguing their removal of content is outside of "good faith" should be fairly easy to do. Sure, they have the right to editorialize, and they can be held liable if they editorialize outside of good faith.  
  
"Publisher" vs "platform" are conceptual terms, not legal ones. Let us not argue semantics. How does this have to do with conservatism? I bet they'll say it doesn't spread at gay parades tho I thought that was real for a second! XD

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Well I wouldn't be surprised... Sad times. Expected. Predicted. Easy to see coming. Everyone warned us. But still, sad times. 𝓷𝓲𝓬𝓮 ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜)
#Nice Leaderboard
**1.** `u/spiro29` at **9477 nices**

**2.** `u/RepliesNice` at **8407 nices**

**3.** `u/Manan175` at **7098 nices**

**...**

**15413.** `u/BranfordJeff2` at **7 nices**

---

^(I) ^(AM) ^(A) ^(BOT) ^(|) ^(REPLY) ^(**!IGNORE**) ^(AND) ^(I) ^(WILL) ^(STOP) ^(REPLYING) ^(TO) ^(YOUR) ^(COMMENTS) Same. Me too, almost didn't finish my blueberry muffin. there is no such thing as publisher vs platform, 

there is no legal distinction.

article 230 and the DCA explicitly state they can never be considered the publisher for end user content AND have the right to editorialize. No. Please.  Stop. Frank Zappa  1966    [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFVwohXMgmQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFVwohXMgmQ)

&#x200B;

Well I'm about to get sick

From watchin' my TV

Been checkin' out the news

Until my eyeballs fail to see

I mean to say that every day

Is just another rotten mess

And when it's gonna change, my friends

Is anybody's guess

So I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Wednesday I watched the riot...

I seen the cops out on the street

Watched 'em throwin' rocks and stuff

And chokin' in the heat

Listened to reports

About the whisky passin' 'round

Seen the smoke & fire

And the market burnin' down

Watched while everybody

On his street would take a turn

To stomp and smash and bash and crash

And slash and bust and burn

And I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Well you can cool it,

You can heat it...

'Cause, baby, I don't need it...

Take your TV tube and eat it

'N all that phony stuff on sports

'N all the unconfirmed reports

You know I watched that rotten box

Until my head began to hurt

From checkin' out the way

The newsmen say they get the dirt

Before the guys on channel so-and-so

And further they assert

That any show they'll interrupt

To bring you news if it comes up

They say that if the place blows up

They'll be the first to tell

Because the boys they got downtown

Are workin' hard and doin' swell,

And if anybody gets the news

Before it hits the street,

They say that no one blabs it faster

Their coverage can't be beat

And if another woman driver

Gets machine-gunned from her seat

They'll send some joker with a brownie

And you'll see it all complete

So I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Hey you know something people

I'm not black

But there's a whole lots a times

I wish I could say I'm not white

Well, I seen the fires burnin'

And the local people turnin'

On the merchants and the shops

Who used to sell their brooms and mops

And every other household item

Watched the mob just turn and bite 'em

And they say it served 'em right

Because a few of them are white,

And it's the same across the nation

Black & white discrimination

They're yellin' "; You can't understand me!";

And all the other crap they hand me

In the papers and TV

'N all that mass stupidity

That seems to grow more every day

Each time you hear some nitwit say

He wants to go and do you in

Because the color of your skin

Just don't appeal to him

(No matter if it's black or white)

Because he's out for blood tonight

You know we gotta sit around at home

And watch this thing begin

But I bet there won't be many left

To see it really end

'Cause the fire in the street

Ain't like the fire in my heart

And in the eyes of all these people

Don't you know that this could start

On any street in any town

In any state if any clown

Decides that now's the time to fight

For some ideal he thinks is right

And if a million more agree

There ain't no great society

As it applies to you and me

Our country isn't free

And the law refuses to see

If all that you can ever be

Is just a lousy janitor

Unless your uncle owns a store

You know that five in every four

Just one amount and nothin' more

Don't watch the rats go across the floor

And make up songs about being poor

Blow you harmonica son! Watch Frank Zappa 1966   [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFVwohXMgmQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFVwohXMgmQ)

&#x200B;

Well I'm about to get sick

From watchin' my TV

Been checkin' out the news

Until my eyeballs fail to see

I mean to say that every day

Is just another rotten mess

And when it's gonna change, my friends

Is anybody's guess

So I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Wednesday I watched the riot...

I seen the cops out on the street

Watched 'em throwin' rocks and stuff

And chokin' in the heat

Listened to reports

About the whisky passin' 'round

Seen the smoke & fire

And the market burnin' down

Watched while everybody

On his street would take a turn

To stomp and smash and bash and crash

And slash and bust and burn

And I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Well you can cool it,

You can heat it...

'Cause, baby, I don't need it...

Take your TV tube and eat it

'N all that phony stuff on sports

'N all the unconfirmed reports

You know I watched that rotten box

Until my head began to hurt

From checkin' out the way

The newsmen say they get the dirt

Before the guys on channel so-and-so

And further they assert

That any show they'll interrupt

To bring you news if it comes up

They say that if the place blows up

They'll be the first to tell

Because the boys they got downtown

Are workin' hard and doin' swell,

And if anybody gets the news

Before it hits the street,

They say that no one blabs it faster

Their coverage can't be beat

And if another woman driver

Gets machine-gunned from her seat

They'll send some joker with a brownie

And you'll see it all complete

So I'm watchin' and I'm waitin'

Hopin' for the best

Even think I'll go to prayin'

Every time I hear 'em sayin'

That there's no way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

No way to delay

That trouble comin' every day

Hey you know something people

I'm not black

But there's a whole lots a times

I wish I could say I'm not white

Well, I seen the fires burnin'

And the local people turnin'

On the merchants and the shops

Who used to sell their brooms and mops

And every other household item

Watched the mob just turn and bite 'em

And they say it served 'em right

Because a few of them are white,

And it's the same across the nation

Black & white discrimination

They're yellin' "; You can't understand me!";

And all the other crap they hand me

In the papers and TV

'N all that mass stupidity

That seems to grow more every day

Each time you hear some nitwit say

He wants to go and do you in

Because the color of your skin

Just don't appeal to him

(No matter if it's black or white)

Because he's out for blood tonight

You know we gotta sit around at home

And watch this thing begin

But I bet there won't be many left

To see it really end

'Cause the fire in the street

Ain't like the fire in my heart

And in the eyes of all these people

Don't you know that this could start

On any street in any town

In any state if any clown

Decides that now's the time to fight

For some ideal he thinks is right

And if a million more agree

There ain't no great society

As it applies to you and me

Our country isn't free

And the law refuses to see

If all that you can ever be

Is just a lousy janitor

Unless your uncle owns a store

You know that five in every four

Just one amount and nothin' more

Don't watch the rats go across the floor

And make up songs about being poor

Blow you harmonica son! Why CNN? So Twitter is a little biased so let’s start a bill to try to take it down? Animals? Seriously? Could you be a little more racist? That comment is beyond the pale. Still, I’m going to respond because you need to sit in your wrongness and be wrong and you can’t do that if no one counters you. 

Now to your points:
1. A conviction won’t deter cops from doing their job. Placing your knee on the neck of someone who is under arrest, compliant or otherwise, is not proper procedure for any officer or department anywhere. If he is convicted (and rightfully so) bad cops everywhere might think twice about acting outside the law. 

2. No judge worth their salt will stop someone who is guilty of a crime like murder from serving prison time when that’s the prescribed sentence for the crime. Cops shouldn’t get a free pass because they’ll have a hard time in prison. If they don’t want to go to prison, they shouldn’t commit crimes like, oh I don’t know, murder. I mean, they shouldn’t commit crimes, period, but murder is especially dumb. 

3. Yeah, the rioters would be validated, but serving justice is what they want. If justice is served more rapidly in the future, rioting becomes less necessary. Even MLK said, “A riot is the language of the unheard.” If people are heard, they don’t need to riot to make their voices clear. I read that the preliminary autopsy showed he didn’t die of strangulation or asphyxiation but actually from a heart attack and he had underlying heart issues. Not defending the cop at all, but I think it might be not as simple as I assumed playing out in court. Why? A police officer has never been arrested so quickly after an incident like this ...but the Orange Man is to blame. Gotta love those guys some dictionaries for the less advanced do have pictures. that’s the whole point of that idiom. No it did not Is it wrong I am more upset over the Target store than this. Do you live in the hood? Dictionary’s don’t have pictures. What the hell? This has nothing to do with that guy any more https://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2020/05/medical-examiner-george-floyd-wasnt-asphyxiated.php Keep kicking the dog, it will bite back Nah am actively looking for people willing to repeat it. You may not have read the tweets in question. Or perhaps you don't agree with the tweets. Or even don't think it is okay to repeat. I have had zero people of the republican party be willing to repeat his tweets that come under fire. Nice! Atlanta... Why? At least i can see others ferrets here.
Twatter is the biggest joke. I was booted for a week for saying all pedos should hang. 

You would think they wouldn't be against that. Lord help me for not having the patience to ignore your idiocy. 

First of all YOU’RE*

Second of all, you’re not asking for someone to “repeat what he said”. You’re asking someone to find the links, open the article, go through the article to pick out his tweets and then copy and paste them here specifically for you. All because you’re too lazy to do your own google search! Hops n barley is a bar near me. 🍻 But you already have. Also, why won't anyone repeat what he said? Your not the first to turn down a simple inquiry. Barley and hops. Good combo. It was set up for the insurance payout >Perhaps we should replace "fact check" with something like "alternate opinion", just to indicate there are more things to be explored before making a conclusion.

That's a really good idea.  It gets rid of speaking in absolutes.  I'd still lean towards people being able to reach their own conclusions based on what they read.  I dunno.  It's not an easy thing to solve.

One thing that really scares me is someone who might be more naive than usual reading a label like "fact-check" and think that 100% anything that follows is unquestionably fact.  It just makes the easily influenced very controllable.

So yeah, I like the alternate opinion deal.  It's a start. When did we start? The temple of fake news burning.😆 Lol, democrats burning down blue cities. Thanks for these. I tried to read through all of it. But in case I missed something, I'll tell you what I got from it.

It seems very minimal (compared to in-person fraud). And based on the strategy used for some of them, they can be prevented.

Not trying to be dismissive. Since it reads like that. Just trying to share my view of it.

Definitely very interesting learning about how illegal immigrants affect voting indirectly. This is terrible. I'm so upset I can barley get another beer. It’s like when a dog owner kicks his dog and then the dog bites him The CCP Covid-1984 seems to mostly kill Democrats, so it must be a cannibalistic corona. Well, it's a bit different. It's like when you claim "chocolate ice cream is the one you should choose, because strawberry ice cream will cause severe diarrhea and may kill you". And Twitter then puts a link next to your statement inviting readers to check if your claim is true, in order for you to make an informed decision whether to get chocolate, even though you'd prefer strawberry, of if strawberry actually is safe, too. And think about the strawberry ice cream seller, too!

That's not quite the same, is it? Yup. It’s pretty simple.  They either allow free expression or they don’t.  Once they decide not to they are a publisher and must be responsible for content. [Example One](https://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/hundreds-of-mail-in-votes-already-set-aside-due-to-paterson-voter-fraud-claims/2414171/) 

[Example two - with links and info to other states with issues.](https://www.maciverinstitute.com/2020/05/state-suspects-voter-fraud-committed-in-19-wisconsin-counties/) 

[No, illegal immigrants aren't allowed to directly vote for the commander-in-chief yet, but in vast numbers they can dramatically alter the Electoral College to favor Democrats for at least a decade because a state's electoral votes are based on the number of people residing within that state, not the number of citizens present when the Decennial Census is taken.](https://thehill.com/opinion/immigration/440136-if-you-dont-think-illegal-immigrants-are-voting-for-president-think-again) But it may actually put an end to that crazy mess social media has brought upon societies, and which have made this whole shit-show even possible. Only verified "facts", no more disinformation campaigns, no more fake news, no more wild, unfounded accusations. That would actually be awesome! damn that sucks That's exactly why I feel so divided about this case. This cop most definitely deserves punishment. And every African American, and in general everyone, is justified in their anger. But using looting and arson as a means to express their anger is very dangerous. When we allow these kinds of violent protests, to some degree it can bring change, I will admit that. But allowing a continuous number of violent protests can set a dangerous precedent and a norm that violent protests should be expected every time police brutality or a case of racism occurs. It's easier said than done, but peaceful protesting should be the method of choice. Change will be gradual, and its immature to expect an immediate one. Look at Detroit, Birmingham, Baltimore, and other cities which have experienced violent riots. It was so chaotic and horrifying that change could not take place. MLK set an example for us with the sheer effectiveness of peaceful protesting. Lets follow that. unless you can demonstrate exactly how the claim made by the source is wrong, simply shouting "bias" achieves nothing and just comes across as an attempt to ignore facts you don't like. Someone can be biased and still be right They have to, or their hero in this crisis is a murder and they were wrong. MSM can’t be wrong, they know all. Where are you finding your information? You can have your own opinion, but this statement is very inaccurate. This is so good. What you guys have to do to make things like this sound something near normal. House is under fire but hey, everything´s fine and under control. Twitter was fine until two days ago. But now they are the enemy. You don´t like a bit but they will resist your lunatic He may get charges but probably not convicted. 

1. A conviction will deter cops from doing their job and trying to arrest people due to the fear of going to prison. 

2. A jail sentence is a death sentence for practically any cop. Criminals do not like cops and judges know this. 

3. A conviction would essentially validate the rioters actions and cause more of them in the future. 

None of the cops that the animals have rioted over in the past few years have gotten convicted and I don’t believe this will be a first. The rioting directly lead to his arrest I made a comment on some lefty site to that effect and got pummeled with down votes. 
Convinced Reddit is controlled by communist China/looney left.

...and to answer the naysayer’s, Twitter has certain protection as a medium or platform and individual’s post on that platform. They get protection because they make no judgement on posts, only provide the means to express the idea. 
When you inject yourself as an arbiter of content, your a publisher in the digital age. The media only then makes it worse by making excuses or not even showing all the rioting and looting.  Can't we just all agree rioting is not the answer. I think "fact check" has become a controversial phrase. 

I totally agree with you, that as long as private entities are involved, there will be bias no matter what. People will/won't like the results based if it fits their opinions. 

Perhaps we should replace "fact check" with something like "alternate opinion", just to indicate there are more things to be explored before making a conclusion. That could be the trigger to engage in debates/discussion, which as you rightly mentioned are the way we should be going. 

Take this very thread for example. You guys have had very valid points which I hadn't thought of. Maybe I do have a bias, and I would've off-the-bat believed that having Twitter not do fact checks was just a way to get away with publishing BS. 

But I'm less strongly inclined to that now, and more aware of concerns surrounding the whole situation. And that was only possible because I had some free time and decided to drop in a comment (I'm usually a lurker). 

It's scary, because there are so many opinions on so many things, and not many people would have the time to take that extra step to try and challenge their own superficial thoughts on stuff. We're a long way from building a well informed population, where each individual acts based on information they have understood after thoroughly examining it. 

Which is why I still think it's a good idea if social media companies can intervene. Maybe not as controversially as "this was fact checked and seems to be false" but rather something like "I know you believe this, but make sure you know about this other thing as well" Had to check that was satire Bias doesn't mean that anything mentioned by the entity is false every time. Feel free to debunk the mentioned source and post it below. I wasn't able to but maybe you might be able to find something? He sent infected seniors back into nursing homes and they infected others.

Biggest story on the Coronavirus and the media is ignoring it. The riots don’t help. But let’s not act like people don’t riot and loot and vandal over meaningless things like winning a sports championship. Dont forget all the democrats defending looting and rioting.  Yet I agree the mainstream media is turning a blind eye to all the rioting.  Such a sad double standard. ☝️ Facts. It’s only adding to the problems I know.

I am glad the officer is being charged, but do people really need to riot and loot?  What good does that do? You said it.  They should be called liberal agenda pushers not fact checkers. No, it’s milk you should worry about Explain. Only as strong as your weakest link dude Ideas change guy They are all a business trying to make money.

Also it is obvious that the media is liberal.  I find it funny that they think they are fooling anyone into thinking they are telling us unbiased news. When I joined the various social platforms I had the expectation of neutrality. Lol k That's some stupid ass logic. It's a free world. If you have a problem with this country, move out if it instead of trying to bring change. See the flaw in it? Both of those sources are majorly biased... Ya he is a real ass wipe. I definitely agree the police officer should be charged. However, the violent riots need to end. It’s so disgusting. I also think we need to end the “f@#k 12” or “the police are a gang” bull because we all know the police are so great. The media only leaks the negative. It’s so not fair to people who risk their lives daily to protect citizens of such an amazing country that sit and disrespect them like that. Yes, there are disgusting people who take advantage of such meaningful jobs like that(reference to Floyd’s murderer, he’s a disgrace) and it’s so sad to watch people’s sense of humanity fade like that. But I believe overall the police, emergency response teams, and our government are so strong and amazing and we need to support them. >It doesn't suppress the original tweet. You can still view it in its unedited entirety, if I'm not wrong.

That's just it.  Has there never been a deleted tweet by someone other than the original speaker?  Pretty sure there has.

"Independent fact checkers" also flag things as false based on biased opinions.  Is every "fact-checked" post biased, no, but some inevitably are.  

It's almost impossible to not be biased in one way or another, left, right, center, you name it.  When private entities control what has really become a public forum for discourse things get complicated.  That's why I'm for unadulterated posting of opinions regardless of what the content is.  Unless of course, it's against the law.  I don't see any other way to do it.  Echo chambers need to be eliminated and replaced with free-thinking and debate/discussion.

One side or the other shouldn't be silenced based on bias.

I'm glad the discussion on how to govern all of this is finally rolling. There are no good police officers. There are just two kinds of bad cops: the ones that actually do bad shit and the ones who stay silent and let it happen. True. But like you said earlier, the internet is the de facto public of today. 

Having said that, it does have its differences though. 

Nobody would read through all 50k comments on a tweet, or look up and engage in relevant discussions on their own. Nobody has that kind of time. 

It just isn't viable to expect the reader to do all that themselves without a little nudge. I don't know whose job it should be to catalyze the discourse, but there definitely should be someone. Tbh, I don't mind if the social media companies take the initiative. It seems like they're divided on that though. Facebook and Twitter seem to be taking opposite stances. >In 2006 Amy Klobuchar Failed to Charge Police Officer Derek Chauvin After Shooting Death of Native American - On Monday that Same Officer Killed George Floyd

Oops Yes, but that’s what the media is for. That’s what articles, and discussions are for like comments. I do get what you’re saying, but they have also outright removed some of his posts. I do think you have a good point about discourse though, but I don’t think it’s the media companies job to facilitate the discourse. That's still fair though, don't you think?

Of course, a topic like ice cream flavors is a lot more subjective than mail-in voting, but even then the final choice is upto the reader. It doesn't suppress the original tweet. You can still view it in its unedited entirety, if I'm not wrong. 

Like you said, there's evidence supporting both sides, and it's a judgement call the reader should make to decide what is true, and they can do their own round of fact checking with their reliable unbiased sources if they choose to. 

I feel that as a chocolate ice cream lover, I should at least consider the possibility that strawberry might be better. I can taste it and stick to chocolate, and it'll entirely be my choice and I can be sure I'm well-informed. 

However, if there were nobody to challenge things, I would not even know something like strawberry existed! Correct statement, wrong example because discrimination against sex, race etc is protected by law. If a company wants to hire only blond people or something that is not protected, then that’s ok. Nah, just like Facebook they should have taken the high road and allowed political ads as well as turning off their filters for official politician accounts. The pressure to fact check and filter mostly came from congress in the last few years. If you do that it’s impossible to be non-biased. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R253a2ppiWw No, he is full of shit. He is unbalanced. What has likely happened is some people tested positive, quarantined themselves and simply didn't share it with him, so he is jumping on this opportunity to make them out to be awful.

Here is a story of him yelling at a girl and harassing her for simply disagreeing with abortion and protesting against it. Whether you think abortion is good or not, he is hardly a stable, or reasonable person.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/05/08/have-you-fed-any-children-today-lawmaker-films-himself-heckling-antiabortion-protesters/

Also, you are going to be banned because you are not a republican and you posted this to troll.

Take care. He sounds like he knows he's full of shit. .....cause reddit is a private company and do what they want? If you don’t want that to happen switch to another private company u/nwordcountbot I'd stand with them. I don't have a gun though. Go ahead and list his racist acts and messages. I’m listening. No it’s if they fact check that tweet, and say “Twitters fact checkers have found that strawberry ice cream is better for you, and tastes better overall”. They fact checked trumps opinion on mail in voting, effectively saying that his opinion that they will lead to more fraud is wrong. I would make the argument that it’s a fact, because common sense would point towards that, but for all intents and purposes there’s evidence supporting both sides. try /r/askaconservative 

We think it is awesome you are exploring these ideas and trying to get a better understanding of politics and what different ideologies have to offer. Unfortunately, this sub is for Republicans to discuss the day's events. So posts like yours aren't typically allowed. The sub I mentioned though is a great one because most of us Republicans are pretty conservative or libertarian. Fair enough. How should one validate a statement they see on the internet then?

Obviously it's dangerous to believe everything one sees. 

Who is an example of an unbiased fact checker? The definition of a self-own for this country. So what? “Find a new baker.” I'm out of the loop here, What/How do they editorialize though? Do they just modify your tweet to make it mean something they want?

Like if I tweeted "I like chocolate ice cream" would it get changed to "I like strawberry ice cream" because Twitter likes strawberry ice cream?

That's bad... No one is arguing that twitter can’t stop him. We ARE arguing that they can’t do that and pretend to be an open form or platform. The fact that you keep arguing something different demonstrates your intellectual bankruptcy on this issue and I’m moving on. False, on both counts. 

And, more to the point, why should POTUS be allowed to control the narrative on a private, for profit platform? 

After all, any inaction by Twitter is by its own virtue a form of action & endorsement. 

If his posts harm (in a fiduciary sense) Twitter’s user base — and, thus, shareholders — that alone is argument for action. r/askaconservative or r/askarepublican... r/askaconservative is a bit better and more trafficked though. The Elite and its political and financial establishment consider us as nothing more than ‘human capital stock.’ When these psychopaths shut down the economy, destroyed small and medium size businesses and created more 50 million unemployed Americans, they didn’t give a rat’s ass about you and your loved ones. Why not both? *Checks sources...*

**[CNN](https://www.cnn.com/2020/05/26/politics/fact-check-trump-vote-by-mail-fraud-gavin-newsom-california/index.html)**

**Facts First: Trump is completely wrong. Newsom's order provides ballots only to people who are registered to vote. Noncitizens, including undocumented immigrants, are explicitly not permitted to register to vote in federal elections.**

“Each county elections officials shall transmit vote-by-mail ballots for the November 3, 2020 General Election to all voters who are, as of the last day on which vote-by-mail ballots may be transmitted to voters in connection with that election, registered to vote in that election.”

**[NY Times](https://www.nytimes.com/article/mail-in-voting-explained.html)**

**All voter fraud is extremely rare.**

Studies have shown that all forms of voting fraud are extremely rare in the United States. A national study in 2016 found few credible allegations of fraudulent voting. A panel that Mr. Trump charged with investigating election corruption found no real evidence of fraud before he disbanded it in 2018.

**States that vote entirely by mail see little fraud.**

Five states, including the Republican bastion of Utah, now conduct all elections almost entirely by mail. They report very little fraud. The state is among the six states with the highest percentage of mail-in votes in the last election in 2018, all of which had Republican state election supervisors at the time, according to David J. Becker, the director of the Center for Election Innovation and Research.
Colorado, which has 3.5 million registered voters, has been a vote-by-mail state since 2014. Please read the sidebars before you post. This sub and many other are not just for you to ask your questions to the community. This sub is for Republicans to discuss the day's events.

If you want to know what we tend to think you are free to observe, or you can go to subs built for that such as r/askaconservative or r/askarepublican I'm very hesitant to tread down this path. Anybody notice the stickied comment on every post in this sub?

> /r/Republican is a partisan subreddit

The government pulling platform status is dangerous for everybody. We can be mad that lots of people use twitter and point out twitter is often wrong but once you pull out the dinner table cloth there's no easy way of putting it back This argument will be the reason for the next war between the Netherlands and Germany lol > POTUS is not the first politician to violate Twitters ToS. POTUS is however the first to be fact checked. Now Twitter is starting to fact check other world leaders after the backlash it received from POTUS and his followers.

So, philosophically speaking: *the first person in history to be charged with murder shouldn’t be charged with murder because no one has been charged with murder before.*

> Your analogy doesn’t work because if a politician screamed “fire” in a theater they would be held liable. That’s not the case with Twitter due to their politician policy; which is why I pointed that out.

Incorrect. Any **person** yelling fire in a theater would be held liable for public endangerment — not the theater. By your logic, the theater would have to be the ones with a liability risk, which is not the case in either example. 

Trump is yelling fire, and is getting flagged. Political opinions are not protected under the Civil Rights Act or EOO laws... And those laws have nothing to do with Twitter deleting tweets. I live nowhere near either of you and this banter is fascinating Oh god stop, I can only get so hard. So, do you must also agree that these companies cannot censor conservatives, right? 

The government says discriminating in hiring violates rights guaranteed to Americans by the US Constitution. These right include a right to express political opinion.  It follows reddit and Twitter and Facebook and YouTube are violating people's rights because they are run by small-minded bigots. simple as that. The problem is that twitter started editorializing in a targeted way. They can’t receive the protections and also have the exemption. Losing CDA 230 immunity and federal advertising revenue will hurt. Hope the Board is ready for shareholder lawsuits. None of what you said is true. Your analogy doesn’t work because if a politician screamed “fire” in a theater they would be held liable. That’s not the case with Twitter due to their politician policy; which is why I pointed that out.

POTUS is not the first politician to violate Twitters ToS. POTUS is however the first to be fact checked. Now Twitter is starting to fact check other world leaders after the backlash it received from POTUS and his followers. So the tweets that spread misinformation, which you deemed needing fact checking, are being fact checked. Guess this wasn’t such a non issue huh? Dont worry he defunded them today :) You're arguing that if they cannot police everything, they should not be allowed to police anything? The spin doctors give me a fucking headache. Wondering where this goes from here. ...ALL social media platforms ! Not just Twitter Isn’t it biased to the left though? Good! The man is fucked up and shames actually good police officers everywhere “Nothing he has ever said or done has been racist.” 

And you’re telling me to not buy into the narrative... You know you can still be Republican and not blindly follow Trump. Nothing is a neutral platform anymore. I only see one side of the news on Reddit, Twitter, Facebook, IG, etc. This is certainly the conspiracy theory many alt-right types promote, but never with evidence other than anecdotes. Edited it! Actually it is the issue but you are so emotional about it you can’t see the forest through the trees. Regardless of what he said, Twitter can not fact check and control the narrative while pretending to be a publisher and hide behind section 230. That is what we are discussing here not the content of factuality of his comments. Yes, that’s right. 

And just for clarity it’s her* 

But I am NOT offended by your colloquial use of “his” thank you. Sadly, you missed the entire point of the analogy: **they didn’t even remove the tweets.**

Instead, they simply attached labels to the tweets to highlight that they violated their ToS.

Meaning, they maintained their TOS by leaving a world leader’s posts up **and** maintained their ToS by labeling said posts & providing resources on the veracity of his speaking. 

Thus, by your own logic and admission, are free & clear — they are simply exercising their right as a private entity to cultivate a healthy & profitable social network. 

I **do not** have strong emotions about POTUS’s tweets.

I think he’s a fool supported by fools, and that any attention paid to his nonsense is energy better spent pursuing meaningful change. 

I **do,** however, have strong emotions regarding obtuse individuals who pursue liberty only when convenient for them. 

Regulation for thee, not for me. 

Par for the course. It says it in his username....u/notimeformorons

Edit: her* They reacted to having to wear masks by bringing out guns. The riots going on are a reaction to centuries of abuse. Doesn’t make destruction of property right but it’s hardly a good comparison. Everyone has their own morality and I don’t like dark humor about actual events with actual deaths but you could be different. The thing I meant was that the Nazis are never the butt of the joke. Always Jews gassed, France surrender, Russians starve, Merkel bad Hitler good. Not only is this very unfunny it’s also a pattern I do not like but it’s probably nothing. The rest of my comment is more important. I would add that if the people in April started looting and burning I would be in full favor of shooting them as well and I bet 100% of this sub would agree. Yeah see you’re just projecting here. Nothing he has ever done or said has been racist. Democrats just label everything and everyone that doesn’t agree with them racist. 

Don’t buy into the narrative. Saw you mention dark humor before. Shit. I'd make a holocaust joke every know and then. Dark humor. But that's just that humor.

My favorite being... my grand father died in Auschwitz.

Shocked faces..

Yeah.. he fell off the guard tower.

Does not mean i hate jews. Just shits and giggles.
But it's all fun untill someone giggles and shits i gues.
Place and time for everything i gues.

Not saying no german is an anti semite. Just notice it way more from muslim immigrants. It's no diffrent in the Netherlands. Came here to say exactly this.  OP needs to find better news sources. I am joking don’t get all mad. I live in Germany 10 mins from the Border to the Netherlands. So use another platform. Reddit doesn’t have to have you either. Break a TOS and you’re out. How is that hard to understand? First of all. How am i talking shit about germany? And even if i was. Why cant i? I live 5 mins from the german border. >TL;DR: Get of POTUS’s dick.

I see that you have strong emotions about the contents of POTUS’s tweets; let me make this clear, I’m not justifying what POTUS tweeted. My concern is what type of precedents this creates. If you can’t take a step back and see the big picture I can’t help you.

And for your whole screaming fire in a theater speech. POTUS violated Twitter’s ToS with his tweets. However Twitter has a policy in place to not remove posts that violate their ToS if the person is a world leader. Any other person screaming “fire” would have had their tweet removed. Let the media fact check POTUS and other politicians instead of Twitter. Everyone knows Twitter blows. Twitter fact checker has no real friends, was bullied for being a virgin through college, and got tired of calling his mommy to fix all his problems, so now if you dont think exactly like he does, you're not allowed to play on his platform.

I am a credible source. Oh, you mean THAT part of the political spectrum that they don't fact check. Nothing to do with middle-easterners. But since we’re on the subject I think you’ll find it amusing that one of the US’s oldest allies (besides france) was the kingdom of morroco and the several ARAB and NON CHRISTIAN nations along the barbary coast. Time to stop pretending  reddit and all of social media are neutral.  I'm starting to think all of social media is a cancer on the planet for healthy societies The title is entirely spin, in the article he says he want to continue wearing a mask to "protect himself and others" and ALSO as a symbol. Which makes sense. And from the beginning officials have been saying that a second wave isn't inevitable. Scientists dont say shit like 
"this is going to happen 100%" because that is bad science. You can do church services from home. It's really easy and probably costs little for churches to do (my experience has every church I've been to with at least some sort of production infrastructure in place for music or presentations or whatnot. I won't say every church has it, but if most random people with internet access can toss together a basic stream with crap lying around the house I'll say it's possible for most churches ).

God calls for us to care for our neighbors. He calls for us to look after others. We are at 100k deaths that are confirmed. That's 30x 9/11. God wants us to care for those sick and dying.

Please care about everyone around you and worship from home. God can hear and see everything. He knows what's in your heart. Please worship from home and save your communities. The sooner we fight spread instead of each other the sooner we can go back to services without having to be fearful of getting sick or hurting others. You can’t talk shit about Germany in this topic you from the Netherlands lmao. I live in Germany and I definitely have a different experience. I hear a lot of Germans bad mouthing Jews but behind closed doors and especially the Internet. There are is so much nazi scum in YouTube comment sections and Facebook. Also Germans make a lot Nazi jokes wich most of time are about the Holocaust. I don’t who you mean with “workforce”? Do you mean the actually imported workforce like Turks and Bulgarians or do you mean the refugees? Turks bad mouth Turks and Bulgarians bad mouth all different  ethnicity groups of their country their not part of. The refugees are mostly Muslim and sadly Muslims and Jews don’t get along very well here. Probably a good percentage of their youth uses Jew as an insult. I never heard a Muslim say that he wants to kill a Jew but it’s in the media a lot so I have seen a lot of videos of it. I think I just got lucky and never heard someone say it. yes they can because the "publisher vs public forum" debate doesnt exist.

 [https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20190613/03172142391/once-more-with-feeling-there-is-no-legal-distinction-between-platform-publisher.shtml](https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20190613/03172142391/once-more-with-feeling-there-is-no-legal-distinction-between-platform-publisher.shtml) 

Here is section 230:

 [https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/47/230](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/47/230)   


They are a business and reserve the right to moderate. There is not a single statute or law that says  what you are claiming. I’m surprised a member of this subreddit would be happy to see their voiced silenced by members of another political party. I’m trying to stop discrimination here.

Your view literally means republicans lose their voice on the largest media outlets in the world. MSM is against Republicans, social media is against Republicans, and the most vocal voices are against Republicans since Republicans are busy living their lives. 

I personally believe an opinion like yours will lead to the end of the Republican Party. If you’re fine with that, that’s you. They're already stamping down on any type of speech they disagree with. Remember when Reddit removed any posts telling the real story about Coronavirus/Hong Kong's protests? Probably still happens but it just isnt news anymore. You might believe this utopia where speech is allowed to be softly regulated but that hasn't been the case for a long time, now they're being held accountable for their actions

I'd prefer Twitter and any other platform allowed all forms of speech and let the court of public opinion filter out the nonsense instead of holding a bias and acting as a publisher and using it while masquerading as a neutral platform Violating ToS, which is why they built their own platform.  


Thats 1A working as intended. Reddit isnt Congress. Yep Oh that's right I forgot about all the middle-eastern forefathers that founded this country alongside us. I'm just trying to clarify, not trying to make it complicated. I'm just surprised that a member of this subreddit would want to give the government power over social media. Ya sure on this particular issue you view it was government ensuring freedom of speech, but given the power you know it's going to be abused and used for purposes beyond the good intentions. Think the patriot act and any other government power grab. Government forcing private companies to do things is not really ever that great of an idea, and you freely throw it out there without second though to the consequences. Twitter is not alone And yet you call your opposition godless, and yet you wish to write your religeous beliefs into law, and yet you value belief in god over individual rights and freedoms. Sounds to me like a christian sharia law, but hey what do I know? grabs popcorn once the order was signed when you look up sociopath in the dictionary, that’s the picture you see Calling a group not real Americans for not believing in God is one of the least American/religious things I've read in a while. Ask your church leader how they feel about that thought. social media is a failed experiment in humanity no shit Wow he actually said that Mind expanding on that? Biden is fighting for mail in voting to expand voter input. What oppression is he doing? I'm not challenging you on this, genuinely asking. Crickets and death threats. Personally a fan of arresting someone that breaks the law instead of killing them. To be fair, the Democrats are pretty pissed and embarrassed about this one. Do we get to see r/politics go down in flames now? Agreed wherever looting and riots occur that necessary action must be taken. But there is a much better way he could’ve phrased it that wouldn’t result in his tweet being censored without mention of an empty threat. And personally I do think race has a little to do with it here, I think that if the protestors with guns back in April began looting and rioting, he wouldn’t be calling them thugs and threatening to kill them. Amen.  The Godless left will do everything in their power to keep real Americans from praying and going to church.  If it was up to them we'd probably have Sharia law embedded in our laws and culture. I think they shouldn’t be allowed to censor politics views they don’t like. It’s pretty simple here. 
